{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldItalicMT;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-ItalicMT;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f8\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green119\blue204;\red118\green118\blue118;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 


\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\qr{\f1\fs20 Page  of }\cell{
\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414
\row}\pard

\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\sa200\sb60\qc{\f1\fs20 TWA v. Hardison}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain 


\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx2103

\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx6220

\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\ql\f0\fs24\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\ql\f0\fs24\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\ql\f0\fs24\cell{
\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx2103

\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx6220

\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sa200\sb240\sl340\slmult0\qc\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 <$Scr_Ps::0>TWA v. Hardison<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\sl340\slmult0\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Supreme Court of the United States}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Argued March 30, 1977 ; June 16, 1977 }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F94D8530-4FA5-4FAB-BE86-2E29F3A18E4A"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super *}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  ; as amended }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 No. 75-1126 }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Reporter}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 432 U.S. 63\~*; 97 S. Ct. 2264\~**; 53 L. Ed. 2d 113\~***; 1977 U.S. LEXIS 115\~****; 14 Fair Empl. Prac. Cas. (BNA) 1697; 14 Empl. Prac. Dec. (CCH) P7620}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 TRANS WORLD AIRLINES, INC. v. HARDISON ET AL.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Prior History:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****1]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT }
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Disposition:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~The court reversed the judgment of the appeals court and found no violation of the civil rights laws because appellant had tried in a variety of ways to accommodate respondent employee, whose religious beliefs prohibited him from working on Saturdays. }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Case Summary}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-120\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Procedural Posture}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Appellant employer challenged reversal of a judgment from the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, holding appellant had not satisfied its duty to accommodate and had committed an unlawful employment practice under \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 703(a)(1) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.S. \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Overview}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Appellant was an airline that operated a large maintenance and overhaul base. Respondent was an employee of appellant's who was prohibited from working on Saturday due to religious tenets. Appellant would not or could not accommodate respondent's need to be off on Saturday. Thereafter, respondent filed a discrimination action the Civil Rights Act of 1964, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.S. \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Reversing the appeals court, which found appellant violated the Act, the court held that appellant did not violate the Act. In fact, the court noted that appellant tried to accommodate respondent by meeting with him to discuss alternatives, attempting to find someone to swap shifts with respondent, and attempting to find respondent another job. It was the union, not the employer, that was more unyielding. The court concluded that there was not even a suggestion of discriminatory intent in this case.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Outcome}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The court reversed the judgment of the appeals court and found no violation of the civil rights laws because appellant had tried in a variety of ways to accommodate respondent employee, whose religious beliefs prohibited him from working on Saturdays.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 LexisNexis\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u174\'AE Headnotes}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-120\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Rights Law\~>\~Protection of Rights\~>\~Federally Assisted Programs\~>\~Civil Rights Act of 1964}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Business & Corporate Compliance\~>\~Governments\~>\~Civil Rights Act of 1964}
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\sb120\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~Discrimination\~>\~Accommodation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Business & Corporate Compliance\~>\~Labor & Employment\~>\~Discrimination\~>\~Accommodation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Scope & Definitions\~>\~General Overview}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Title VII Discrimination\~>\~Scope & Definitions\~>\~General Overview}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN1}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Section 703(a)(1) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.S. \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , makes it an unlawful employment practice for an employer to discriminate against an employee or a prospective employee on the basis of his or her religion. A guideline of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 29 C.F.R. \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 1605.1(b) (1968)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , requires, as the Act itself now does, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.S. \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e (j)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , that an employer, short of "undue hardship," make "reasonable accommodations" to the religious needs of its employees.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Rights Law\~>\~Protection of Rights\~>\~Federally Assisted Programs\~>\~Civil Rights Act of 1964}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Business & Corporate Compliance\~>\~Governments\~>\~Civil Rights Act of 1964}
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\sb120\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~Discrimination\~>\~Actionable Discrimination}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN2}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  See }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.S. \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~Discrimination\~>\~Accommodation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Business & Corporate Compliance\~>\~Labor & Employment\~>\~Discrimination\~>\~Accommodation}
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\sb120\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Discriminatory Employment Practices\~>\~Failures to Hire}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN3}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  An EEOC guideline, dealing with the problem of an employee who refuses to work during an employer's normal workweek due to his religion, declares that an employer has an obligation under the statute to accommodate to the reasonable religious needs of employees where such accommodation can be made without serious inconvenience to the conduct of the business.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 29 C.F.R. \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 1605.1 (1967)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Scope & Definitions\~>\~General Overview}
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\sb120\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Title VII Discrimination\~>\~Scope & Definitions\~>\~General Overview}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN4}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  See }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.S. \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e(j)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~Discrimination\~>\~Actionable Discrimination}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN5}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  See }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.S. \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e-2(h)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~Discrimination\~>\~Actionable Discrimination}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN6}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Absent a discriminatory purpose, the operation of a seniority system cannot be an unlawful employment practice, even if the system has some discriminatory consequences.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~Discrimination\~>\~Title VII Discrimination\~>\~General Overview}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN7}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  The paramount concern of Congress in enacting Title VII, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.S. \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e-2}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , was the elimination of discrimination in employment. In the absence of clear statutory language or legislative history to the contrary, the U.S. Supreme Court will not readily construe the statute to require an employer to discriminate against some employees in order to enable others to observe their Sabbath.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Lawyers' Edition Display}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-120\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Summary}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 An employee whose religion required him to observe his Sabbath day on Saturday, was discharged when he refused to work on Saturdays. Although the employee had earlier held a job with the employer where the employee had sufficient seniority to allow him to avoid Saturday work, when the employee sought and received a transfer to a different job with the employer, the employee was placed near the bottom of a new seniority list. Due to his low seniority on the new job, the employee was called upon to work on Saturdays. Although the employer agreed to permit the union to seek a change of work assignments for the employee, the union was unwilling to violate the seniority provisions of the collective bargaining agreement. The employer refused to unilaterally violate the seniority provisions and also refused to allow the employee to work only 4 days a week, since this would have required either (1) filling his position with a supervisor or an employee from another area and would have undermanned another operation, or (2) employing someone not regularly assigned to work Saturdays, thus requiring the payment of premium wages. Following his discharge, the employee brought an action for injunctive relief in the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri, alleging that his discharge constituted religious discrimination in violatio of 703(a)(1) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ). The District Court ruled in favor of the employer and the union (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 375 F Supp 877}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ), but the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit reversed the judgment in favor of the employer, holding that the employer had not satisfied its duty to accommodate the religious needs of the employee (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 527 F2d 33}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 On certiorari, the United States Supreme Court reversed. In an opinion by White, J., joined by Burger, Ch. J., and Stewart, Blackmun, Powell, Rehnquist, and Stevens, JJ., it was held that (1) the employer had made reasonable efforts to accommodate the religious needs of the employee, (2) the employer was not required to violate the collective bargaining agreement to accommodate the employee by violating the seniority system which was not shown to have a discriminatory purpose, and (3) the alternative plans, which would have permitted the employee to avoid Saturday work by working only 4 days per week, constituted an undue hardship on the employer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Marshall, J., joined by Brennan, J., dissented, expressing the view that the employer did not prove that it exhausted all reasonable accommodations and that the only remaining alternatives would have caused undue hardship on the employer's business.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Headnotes}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A77.5 \~>\~employment -- discrimination -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[1]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [1]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Under 703(a)(1) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ), which makes it an unlawful employment practice to discriminate in employment because of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin, similarly situated employees are not to be treated differently solely because they differ with respect to race, color, religion, sex, or national origin, and this is true regardless of whether the discrimination is directed against majorities or minorities.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  COURTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7772 \~>\~precedents -- equal division -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[2A]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [2A]}{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[2B]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [2B]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Judgment entered by an equally divided court is not entitled to precedential weight.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A77.5 \~>\~employment discrimination -- religion -- definition -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[3]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [3]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The intent and effect of the definition of "religion" included in the 1972 Amendments to Title VII, 701(j), of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e(j)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ), is to make it an unlawful employment practice under 703(a)(1) of the Act (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 )--which makes it an unlawful employment practice to discriminate in employment on the basis of religion--for an employer not to make reasonable accommodations, short of undue hardship, for the religious practices of his employees and prospective employees.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A74.4 \~>\~ STATUTES \u167\'A7158.6\~>\~religious discrimination -- EEOC Guidelines -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[4A]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [4A]}{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[4B]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [4B]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Although ordinarily an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission guideline--such as one requiring employers to make reasonable accommodations to the religious needs of their employees and prospective employees where such accommodation can be made without undue hardship on the conduct of the employer's business--is not entitled to great weight where it varies from prior Commission policy and no new legislative history has been introduced in support of the change, nevertheless, where Congress has not just kept its silence by refusing to overturn the administrative construction, but has ratified it with positive legislation, the guideline is entitled to some deference; it is at least sufficient to warrant the court's accepting the guideline as a defensible construction of the statute, prior to its amendment, as imposing upon an employer the duty of reasonable accommodation in the absence of undue hardship.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A77.5 \~>\~religious discrimination -- hardship on employer -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[5A]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [5A]}{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[5B]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [5B]}{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[5C]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [5C]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 An employer who discharged an employee who refused to work on Saturday, his Sabbath day, did not violate 703(a)(1) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964--which makes it an unlawful employment practice to discriminate in employment on the basis of religion--by not, in the alternative, (1) permitting the employee to work a 4-day week, utilizing in his place a supervisor or other worker on duty elsewhere, (2) filling the employee's Sabbath day shift from other available personnel competent to do the job, or (3) arranging a swap with another employee either for another shift or for the Sabbath days, since the employer made reasonable efforts to accommodate the employee and each of the alternatives would have been an undue hardship within the meaning of the statute as construed by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission guidelines--which provided that employers must make reasonable accommodations to the religious needs of employees and prospective employees where such accommodation can be made without undue hardship on the conduct of the employer's business--in that (1) as to the first alternative, the employer would have been required to replace the employee with supervisory personnel or with qualified personnel from other departments which would mean lost efficiency in other jobs, (2) as to the second alternative, the employer would have been required to replace the employee with other available employees at premium wages, and (3) as to the third alternative, both the union and the employer had agreed to the seniority system, the union was unwilling to entertain a variance over the objections of men senior to the employee in question, and for the employer to have arranged unilaterally for a swap would have amounted to a breach of the collective bargaining agreement. (Marshall and Brennan, JJ., dissented from this holding.)}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A77.5 \~>\~seniority system -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[6]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [6]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A seniority system under which the most senior employees have first choice of job and shift assignments, and the most junior employees are required to work when the union steward is unable to find enough people willing to work at a particular time or in a particular job to fill the employer's needs, represents, under 703(a)(1) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 )--which makes it an unlawful employment practice to discriminate in employment on the basis of religion--a significant accommodation to the needs, both religious and secular, of all of the employer's employees.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A77.5 \~>\~seniority system -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[7A]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [7A]}{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[7B]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [7B]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Although neither a collective bargaining contract nor a seniority system may be employed to violate 703(a)(1) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ), which makes it an unlawful employment practice to discriminate in employment on the basis of religion, nevertheless, the duty under that statute to accommodate an employee's religious needs does not require the employer to take steps inconsistent with the otherwise valid agreement; in the absence of a clear and express indication to that effect from Congress, it will not be held that an agreed-upon seniority system must give way when necessary to accommodate religious observances; an employer is not required by Title VII to carve out a special exception to its seniority system in order to help an employee to meet his religious obligations.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A77.5 \~>\~employment -- reasonable accommodation of religious needs -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[8]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [8]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Under 703(a)(1) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ), which makes it an unfair employment practice to discriminate in employment on the basis of religion, an employer, in order to satisfy his duty to make reasonable accommodations to the religious needs of his employees, is not required to deny the shift and job preference of some employees, as well as deprive them of their contractual rights, in order to accommodate or prefer the religious needs of others.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A77.5 \~>\~discriminatory employment practice -- seniority system -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[9]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [9]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The purpose of 703(h) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e-2(h)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ), which provides that it shall not be an unlawful employment practice for an employer to apply different conditions of employment pursuant to a bona fide seniority system, is to make clear that the routine application of a bona fide seniority system would not be unlawful under Title VII; 703(h) is a definitional provision, and as with other provisions of 703, subsection (h) delineates which employment practices are illegal and thereby prohibited and which are not.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A77.5 \~>\~discriminatory employment practice -- seniority system -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[10]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [10]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Absent a discriminatory purpose, the operation of a seniority system cannot be an unlawful employment practice prohibited by 703(a)(1) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ), which makes it an unlawful employment practice to discriminate in employment because of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin, even if the system has some discriminatory consequences.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A77.5 \~>\~unlawful employment practice -- seniority system -- intent -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[11A]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [11A]}{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[11B]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [11B]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Since 703(h) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e-2(h)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ), which provides that it shall not be an unlawful employment practice for an employer to apply different conditions of employment pursuant to a bona fide seniority system, unequivocally mandates that there is no statutory violation of 703(a)(1) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 )--which makes it an unlawful employment practice to discriminate in employment because of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin--in the absence of a showing of discriminatory purpose, the operation of a seniority system itself cannot be an unlawful employment practice unless a discriminatory purpose is shown.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A77.5 \~>\~accommodation of employee's religious needs -- expense -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[12A]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [12A]}{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[12B]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [12B]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Section 703(a)(1) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ), which makes it an unlawful employment practice to discriminate in employment on the basis of religion, does not require an employer to accommodate the religious needs of an employee where substantial expenditures are required to do so.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A77.5 \~>\~accommodation of employee's religious needs -- undue hardship -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[13]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [13]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 To require an employer to bear more than a de minimis cost in order to give an employee his Sabbath days off is an undue hardship under an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission guideline which interpreted 703(a)(1) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964--which makes it an unlawful employment practice to discriminate in employment on the basis of religion--as requiring employers to make reasonable accommodations to the religious needs of employees and prospective employees where such accommodation can be made without undue hardship on the conduct of the employer's business; to require an employer to bear additional costs when no such costs are incurred to give other employees the days off that they want would involve unequal treatment of employees on the basis of their religion.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1  RIGHTS \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A77.5 \~>\~employment discrimination -- \~>\~Headnote:}{\f0\fs24 \line }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[14]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [14]}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Since the paramount concern of Congress in enacting Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e et seq.}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ) was the elimination of discrimination in employment, in the absence of clear statutory language or legislative history to the contrary, the statute will not be construed to require an employer to discriminate against some employees in order to enable others to observe their Sabbath.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Syllabus}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Respondent Hardison (hereafter respondent) was employed by Trans World Airlines (TWA), petitioner in No. 75-1126, in a department that operated 24 hours a day throughout the year in connection with an airplane maintenance and overhaul base.  Respondent was subject to a seniority system in a collective-bargaining agreement between TWA and the International Association of Machinists & Aerospace Workers (union), petitioner in No. 75-1385, whereby the most senior employees have first choice for job and shift assignments as they become available, and the most junior employees are required to work when enough employees to work at a particular time or in a particular job to fill TWA's needs cannot be found.  Because respondent's religious beliefs prohibit him from working on Saturdays, attempts were made to accommodate him, and these were temporarily successful mainly because on his job at the time he had sufficient seniority regularly to observe Saturday as his Sabbath.  But when he sought, and was transferred to, another job where}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****2]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  he was asked to work Saturdays and where he had low seniority, problems began to arise.  TWA agreed to permit the union to seek a change of work assignments, but the union was not willing to violate the seniority system, and respondent had insufficient seniority to bid for a shift having Saturdays off.  After TWA rejected a proposal that respondent work only four days a week on the ground that this would impair critical functions in the airline operations, no accommodation could be reached, and respondent was discharged for refusing to work on Saturdays.  Then, having first invoked the administrative remedy provided by Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, respondent brought an action for injunctive relief against TWA and the union, claiming that his discharge constituted religious discrimination in violation of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 703(a)(1) of the Act, which makes it an unlawful employment practice for an employer to discriminate against an employee on the basis of his religion. He also made certain other charges against the union.  His claim of religious discrimination was based on the 1967 Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) guidelines in effect at the time requiring an employer, }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****3]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  short of "undue hardship," to make "reasonable accommodations" to the religious needs of its employees, and on similar language in the 1972 amendments to Title VII.  The District Court ruled in favor of both TWA and the union, holding that the union's duty to accommodate respondent's religious beliefs did not require it to ignore the seniority system, and that TWA had satisfied its "reasonable accommodations" obligation.  The Court of Appeals affirmed the judgment for the union but reversed the judgment for TWA, holding that TWA had not satisfied its duty to accommodate respondent's religious needs under the EEOC guidelines. The court took the view that TWA had rejected three reasonable alternatives, any one of which would have satisfied its obligation without undue hardship: (1) Within the framework of the seniority system, TWA could have permitted respondent to work a four-day week, utilizing a supervisor or another worker on duty elsewhere, even though this would have caused other shop functions to suffer; (2) TWA could have filled respondent's Saturday shift from other available personnel, even though this would have involved premium overtime pay; and (3) TWA could have arranged}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****4]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  a "swap" between respondent and another employee either for another shift or for the Sabbath days, even though this would have involved a breach of the seniority system.  Held: TWA, which made reasonable efforts to accommodate respondent's religious needs, did not violate Title VII, and each of the Court of Appeals' suggested alternatives would have been an undue hardship within the meaning of the statute as construed by the EEOC guidelines. Pp. 76-85.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 (a) The seniority system itself represented a significant accommodation to the needs, both religious and secular, of all of TWA's employees.  Pp. 77-78.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 (b) TWA itself cannot be faulted for having failed to work out a shift or job swap for respondent.  Both the union and TWA had agreed to the seniority system; the union was unwilling to entertain a variance over the objections of employees senior to respondent; and for TWA to have arranged unilaterally for a swap would have breached the collective-bargaining agreement.  An agreed-upon seniority system is not required to give way to accommodate religious observances, and it would be anomalous to conclude that by "reasonable accommodations" Congress meant that an employer must deny}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****5]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  the shift and job preferences of some employees, as well as deprive them of their contractual rights, in order to accommodate or prefer the religious needs of others.  Title VII does not require an employer to go that far.  Pp. 79-81.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 (c) Under \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 703(h) of Title VII, absent a discriminatory purpose, the operation of a seniority system cannot be an unlawful employment practice even if the system is discriminatory in its effect.  Pp. 81-82.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 (d) To require TWA to bear more than a de minimis cost in order to give respondent Saturdays off would be an undue hardship, for, like abandonment of the seniority system, to require TWA to bear additional costs when no such costs are incurred to give other employees the days off that they want would involve unequal treatment of employees on the basis of their religion. Absent clear statutory language or legislative history to the contrary, the statute, the paramount concern of which is to eliminate discrimination in employment, cannot be construed to require an employer to discriminate against some employees in order to enable others to observe their Sabbath.  Pp. 84-85.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 527 F.2d 33}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , reversed.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 WHITE, J., delivered the opinion}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****6]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  of the Court, in which BURGER, C.J., and STEWART, BLACKMUN, POWELL, REHNQUIST, and STEVENS, JJ., joined.  MARSHALL, J., filed a dissenting opinion, in which BRENNAN, J., joined, post, p. 85.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Counsel:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~George E. Feldmiller argued the cause for petitioner in No. 75-1126.  With him on the brief was Dick H. Woods.  Mozart G. Ratner argued the cause for petitioners in No. 75-1385.  With him on the briefs were Plato E. Papps and Michael D. Gordon.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 William F. Pickett argued the cause for respondent Hardison in both cases.  With him on the brief was Thomas L. Hogan.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Nathan Lewin argued the cause for the National Jewish Commission on Law and Public Affairs as amicus curiae urging affirmance.  With him on the brief were Dennis Rapps and Howard I. Rhine.  [ }{\f1\fs24\super *}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://25BFE0B4-105D-496E-A70C-0845C7C6E36F"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super *}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  ] }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****7]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Judges:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~Burger, Brennan, Stewart, White, Marshall, Blackmun, Powell, Rehnquist, Stevens }
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Opinion by:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~WHITE }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Opinion}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*66]\~\~[***120]\~\~[**2268]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1     MR. JUSTICE }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 WHITE}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  delivered the opinion of the Court. }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Section 703(a)(1) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title VII, 78 Stat. 255, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.  \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , makes it an unlawful employment practice for an employer to discriminate against an employee or a prospective employee on the basis of his or her religion. At the time of the events involved here, a guideline of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 29 CFR \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 1605.1(b) (1968)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , required, as the Act itself now does, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.  \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e (j) (1970 ed., Supp. V)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , that an employer, short of "undue hardship," make "reasonable accommodations" to the religious needs of its employees.  The issue in this case is the extent of the employer's obligation under Title VII to accommodate an employee whose religious beliefs prohibit him from working on Saturdays.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 I }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 We summarize briefly the facts found by the Distirct}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****8]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Court.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 375 F.Supp. 877 (WD Mo. 1974)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Petitioner Trans World Airlines (TWA) operates a large maintenance and overhaul base in Kansas City, Mo.  On June 5, 1967, respondent Larry G. Hardison was hired by TWA to work as a clerk in the Stores Department at its Kansas City base.  Because of its essential role in the Kansas City operation, the Stores Department must operate 24 hours per day, 365 days per year, and whenever an employee's job in that department is not filled, an employee must be }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*67]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  shifted from another department, or a supervisor must cover the job, even if the work in other areas may suffer.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Hardison, like other employees at the Kansas City base, was subject to a seniority system contained in a collective-bargaining agreement }{\f1\fs24\super 1}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://520A5F3C-7A6C-4058-B0AE-F95C0A0D1B58"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 *}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  that TWA maintains with petitioner International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM).  }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://1D888535-5A02-4D6B-90C5-4E7412E455EA"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super 2}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  The seniority system is implemented by the union steward through a system of bidding by employees for particular shift assignments as they become available.  The most senior employees have first choice for job and }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***121]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  shift assignments, and the most junior employees are required to work when the union steward}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****9]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  is unable to find enough people willing to work at a particular time or in a particular job to fill TWA's needs.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 In the spring of 1968 Hardison began to study the religion known as the Worldwide Church of God.  One of the tenets of that religion is that one must observe the}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****10]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Sabbath by refraining from performing any work from sunset on Friday until sunset on Saturday.  The religion also proscribes work on certain specified religious holidays. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 When Hardison informed Everett Kussman, the manager of the Stores Department, of his religious conviction regarding }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*68]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  observance of the Sabbath, Kussman agreed that the union steward should seek a job swap for Hardison or a change of days off; that Hardison would have his religious holidays off whenever possible if Hardison agreed to work the traditional holidays when asked; and that Kussman would try to find Hardison another job that would be more compatible with his religious beliefs.  The problem was temporarily solved when Hardison transferred to the 11 p.m.-7 a.m. }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2269]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  shift.  Working this shift permitted Hardison to observe his Sabbath.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The problem soon reappeared when Hardison bid for and received a transfer from Building 1, where he had been employed, to Building 2, where he would work the day shift.  The two buildings had entirely separate seniority lists; and while in Building 1 Hardison had sufficient seniority to observe the Sabbath regularly, he was second from the bottom on the}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****11]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Building 2 seniority list.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 In Building 2 Hardison was asked to work Saturdays when a fellow employee went on vacation.  TWA agreed to permit the union to seek a change of work assignments for Hardison, but the union was not willing to violate the seniority provisions set out in the collective-bargaining contract, }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://E3F9842E-33A5-4356-A4F6-D95D3600AC2D"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super 3}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  and Hardison had insufficient seniority to bid for a shift having Saturdays off.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A proposal that Hardison work only four days a week was rejected by the company.  Hardison's job was essential, and on weekends he was the only available person on his}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****12]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  shift to perform it.  To leave the position empty would have impaired supply shop functions, which were critical to airline operations; to fill Hardison's position with a supervisor or an }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*69]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  employee from another area would simply have undermanned another operation; and to employ someone not regularly assigned to work Saturdays would have required TWA to pay premium wages.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 When an accommodation was not reached, Hardison refused to report for work on Saturdays.  A transfer to the twilight shift proved unavailing since that schedule still required Hardison to work past sundown on Fridays.  After a hearing, Hardison }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***122]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  was discharged on grounds of insubordination for refusing to work during his designated shift.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Hardison, having first invoked the administrative remedy provided by Title VII, brought this action for injunctive relief in the United States District Court against TWA and IAM, claiming that his discharge by TWA constituted religious discrimination in violation of Title VII, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.  \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .  He also charged that the union had discriminated against him by failing to represent him adequately in his dispute with TWA}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****13]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  and by depriving him of his right to exercise his religious beliefs.  Hardison's claim of religious discrimination rested on 1967 EEOC guidelines requiring employers "to make reasonable accommodations to the religious needs of employees" whenever such accommodation would not work an "undue hardship," }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 29 CFR \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 1605.1 (1968)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , and on similar language adopted by Congress in the 1972 amendments to Title VII, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.  \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e(j) (1970 ed., Supp. V)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 After a bench trial, the District Court ruled in favor of the defendants.  Turning first to the claim against the union, the District Court ruled that although the 1967 EEOC guidelines were applicable to unions, the union's duty to accommodate Hardison's belief did not require it to ignore its seniority system as Hardison appeared to claim.  }{\f1\fs24\super 4}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=Establishment Clause of the First Amendment375 F.Supp. 877, 883 (WD Mo. 1974\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D8A6EB82-2550-4459-9955-1677D361665F"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  As for Hardison's }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*70]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  claim against TWA, the District Court rejected at the outset TWA's contention that requiring it in any way to accommodate the religious needs of its employees would constitute an unconstitutional establishment of religion. As the District Court construed the Act, however, }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2270]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  TWA had satisfied its "reasonable}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****14]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  accommodations" obligation, and any further accommodation would have worked an undue hardship on the company.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit reversed the judgment for TWA.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 527 F.2d 33 (1975)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . It agreed with the District Court's constitutional ruling, but held that TWA had not satisfied its duty to accommodate. Because it did not appear that Hardison had attacked directly the judgment in favor of the union, the Court of Appeals affirmed that judgment}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****15]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  without ruling on its substantive merits.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 In separate petitions for certiorari TWA and IAM contended that adequate steps had been taken to accommodate Hardison's religious observances and that to construe the statute to require further efforts at accommodation would create an establishment of religion contrary to the }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 First Amendment of the Constitution}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .  TWA also contended that the Court of Appeals improperly ignored the District Court's findings of fact.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 We granted both petitions for certiorari.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 429 U.S. 958 (1976)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Because we agree with petitioners that their conduct was not a violation of Title }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***123]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  VII, }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://470541BD-F4A2-4F9F-AFCB-F3309A769BCC"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super 5}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  we need not reach the other questions presented.  }
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****16]\~\~[*71]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1   II}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[1]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [1]The Court of Appeals found that TWA had committed an unlawful employment practice under \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 703(a)(1) of the Act, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.  \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , which provides: S}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 "(a) It shall be an unlawful employment practice for an employer - }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 "(1) to fail or refuse to hire or to discharge any individual, or otherwise to discriminate against any individual with respect to his compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such individual's race, color, religion, sex, or national origin."I }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The emphasis of both the language and the legislative history of the statute is on eliminating discrimination in employment; similarly situated employees are not to be treated differently solely because they differ with respect to race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.  }{\f1\fs24\super 6}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=McDonald v. Santa Fe Trail Transportation Co., 427 U.S. 273, 278-279 (1976)Franks v. Bowman Transportation Co., 424 U.S. 747, 763 (1976)McDonnell Douglas Corp. v. Green, 411 U.S. 792, 800 (1973)Griggs v. Duke Power Co., 401 U.S. 424, 429-430 (1971)}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 id., at \\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://EDB36CB8-5844-4E66-B395-F8EBDEE3C28E"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 58}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  This is true regardless of whether }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*72]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  the discrimination is directed against majorities or minorities.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 McDonald v. Santa Fe Trail Transportation Co., 427 U.S. 273, 280 (1976)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****17]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  See }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Griggs v. Duke Power Co., 401 U.S. 424, 431 (1971)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****18]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  The prohibition against religious discrimination soon raised the question of whether }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2271]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  it was impermissible under \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 703(a)(1) to discharge or refuse to hire a person who for religious reasons refused to work during the employer's normal workweek.  In 1966 an EEOC guideline dealing with this problem declared that an employer had an obligation under the statute "to accommodate to the reasonable religious needs of employees\u8230\'85 where such accommodation can be made without serious inconvenience to the conduct of the }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***124]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  business." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 29 CFR \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 1605.1 (1967)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 In 1967 the EEOC amended its guidelines to require employers "to make reasonable accommodations to the religious needs of employees and prospective employees where such accommodations can be made without undue hardship on the conduct of the employer's business." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 29 CFR \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 1605.1 (1968)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .  The EEOC did not suggest what sort of accommodations are "reasonable" or when hardship to an employer becomes "undue." }{\f1\fs24\super 7}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=29 CFR \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 1605.1 (1968\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C71A82EE-9F5C-48EE-A0C9-9CC5A723DABE"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****19]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1   }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*73]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1   }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[2A]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [2A]This question -- the extent of the required accommodation - remained unsettled when this Court, in }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Dewey v. Reynolds Metals Co., 402 U.S. 689 (1971)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , affirmed by an equally divided Court the Sixth Circuit's decision in }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 429 F.2d 324 (1970)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . The discharge of an employee who for religious reasons had refused to work on Sundays was there held by the Court of Appeals not to be an unlawful employment practice because the manner in which the employer allocated Sunday work assignments was discriminatory in neither its purpose nor effect; and consistent with the 1967 EEOC guidelines, the employer had made a reasonable accommodation of the employee's beliefs by giving him the opportunity to secure a replacement for his Sunday work.  }{\f1\fs24\super 8}{\f4\fs18\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=LEdHN[2B]}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Neil v. Biggers, 409 U.S. 188, 192 (1972)Alexander v. Gardner-Denver Co., 415 U.S. 36 (1974\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://DC1A2E56-C846-4C3C-8F33-BD8EA784F77B"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****20]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1   }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[3]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [3]In part "to resolve by legislation" some of the issues raised in Dewey, 118 Cong. Rec. 706 (1972) (remarks of Sen. Randolph), Congress included the following definition of religion in its 1972 amendments to Title VII: S}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 "The term 'religion' includes all aspects of religious observance and practice, as well as belief, unless an employer demonstrates that he is unable,o reasonably accommodate }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*74]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  to an employee's or prospective employee's religious observance or practice without undue }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***125]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  hardship on the conduct of the employer's business." \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 701(j), }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.  \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e(j) (1970 ed., Supp. V)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .I }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The intent and effect of this definition was to make it an unlawful employment practice under \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 703(a)(1) for an employer not to make reasonable accommodations, short }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2272]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  of undue hardship, for the religious practices of his employees and prospective employees.  But like the EEOC guidelines, the statute provides no guidance for determining the degree of accommodation}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****21]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  that is required of an employer.  The brief legislative history of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 701(j) is likewise of little assistance in this regard.  }{\f1\fs24\super 9}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=Dewey and Riley v. Bendix Corp., 330 F.Supp. 583 (MD Fla. 1971)464 F.2d 1113 (CA5 1972)\\end_Scrv_annot\}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=402 U.S. 689 (1971\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6DC12D48-015F-490D-8B45-073E74B1F717"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  The proponent of the measure, Senator Jennings }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*75]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Randolph, expressed his general desire "to assure that freedom from religious discrimination in the employment of workers is for all time guaranteed by law," 118 Cong. Rec. 705 (1972), but he made no attempt to define the precise circumstances under which the "reasonable accommodation" requirement would be applied.}{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=Williams v. Southern Union Gas Co., 529 F.2d 483 (CA10 1976)Reid v. Memphis Publishing Co., 521 F.2d 512 (CA6 1975)Johnson v. U.S. Postal Service, 497 F.2d 128 (CA5 1974)Draper v. United States Pipe & Foundry Co., 527 F.2d 515 (CA6 1975)Cummins v. Parker Seal Co., 516 F.2d 544 (CA6 1975)Court, 429 U.S. 65 (1976)Riley v. Bendix Corp., 464 F.2d 1113 (CA5 1972\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D0766D95-7AED-4651-8B23-37CFCCFBB489"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super 0 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****22]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  In brief, the employer's statutory }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***126]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  obligation to make reasonable accommodation for the religious observances of its employees, short of incurring an undue hardship, is clear, but the reach of that obligation has never been spelled out by Congress or by EEOC guidelines. With this in mind, we turn to a consideration of whether TWA has met its obligation }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*76]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  under Title VII to accommodate the religious observances of its employees.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 III}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[4A]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [4A]The Court of Appeals held that TWA had not made reasonable efforts to accommodate Hardison's religious needs under the 1967 EEOC guidelines in effect at the time the relevant events occurred.  }{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f4\fs18\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=LEdHN[4B]}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 General Electric Co.  v. Gilbert, 429 U.S. 125, 140-145 (1976)Red Lion Broadcasting Co. v. FCC, 395 U.S. 367, 381-382 (1969\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://C38D9AA3-8140-437F-BA44-BA99E6B89A87"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super 1 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  In }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2273]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  its view, TWA had rejected three reasonable alternatives, any one of which would have satisfied its obligation without undue hardship. First, within the framework of the seniority system, TWA could have permitted Hardison to work a four-day week, utilizing in his place a supervisor or another worker on duty elsewhere.  That this would have caused other shop functions to suffer was insufficient to amount to undue hardship in the opinion of}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****23]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  the Court of Appeals.  Second -- according to the Court of Appeals, also within the bounds of the collective-bargaining contract -- the company could have filled Hardison's Saturday shift from other available personnel competent to do the job, of which the court said there were at least 200.  That this would have involved premium overtime pay was not deemed an undue hardship.Third, TWA could have arranged a "swap between Hardison and another employee either for another shift or for the Sabbath days." In response to the assertion that this would have involved a breach of the seniority }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*77]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  provisions of the contract, the court noted that it had not been settled in the courts whether the required statutory accommodation to religious needs stopped short of transgressing seniority rules, but found it unnecessary to decide the issue because, as the Court of Appeals saw the record, TWA had not sought, and the union had therefore not declined to entertain, a possible variance from the seniority provisions of the collective-bargaining agreement.  The company had simply left the entire matter to the union steward who the Court of Appeals said "likewise did nothing." }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[5A]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [5A] }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****25]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  We disagree with the Court of Appeals in all relevant respects.  It is our view that TWA made reasonable efforts to accommodate and that each of the Court of Appeals' suggested alternatives would have been an undue hardship within the meaning of the statute as construed by the EEOC guidelines. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***127]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  A }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 It might be inferred from the Court of Appeals' opinion and from the brief of the EEOC in this Court that TWA's efforts to accommodate were no more than negligible.  The findings of the District Court, supported by the record, are to the contrary.  In summarizing its more detailed findings, the District Court observed: S}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 "TWA established as a matter of fact that it did take appropriate action to accommodate as required by Title VII.  It held several meetings with plaintiff at which it attempted to find a solution to plaintiff's problems.  It did accommodate plaintiff's observance of his special religious holidays. It authorized the union steward to search for someone who would swap shifts, which apparently was normal procedure." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 375 F.Supp., at 890-891}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .I }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 It is also true that TWA itself attempted without success to find Hardison another job.  The District}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****26]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Court's view was that TWA had done all that could reasonably be expected within the bounds of the seniority system.  }
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*78]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  The Court of Appeals observed, however, that the possibility of a variance from the seniority system was never really posed to the union.  This is contrary to the District Court's findings and to the record.  The District Court found that when TWA first learned of Hardison's religious observances in April 1968, it agreed to permit the union's steward to seek a swap of shifts or days off but that "the steward reported that he was unable to work out scheduling }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2274]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  changes and that he understood that no one was willing to swap days with plaintiff." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Id., at 888}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Later, in March 1969, at a meeting held just two days before Hardison first failed to report for his Saturday shift, TWA again "offered to accommodate plaintiff's religious observance by agreeing to any trade of shifts or change of sections that plaintiff and the union could work out?.Any shift or change was impossible within the seniority framework and the union was not willing to violate the seniority provisions set out in the contract to make a shift or change." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Id., at 889}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****27]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  As the record shows, Hardison himself testified that Kussman was willing, but the union was not, to work out a shift or job trade with another employee.  App. 76-77.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[6]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [6]We shall say more about the seniority system, but at this juncture it appears to us that the system itself represented a significant accommodation to the needs, both religious and secular, of all of TWA's employees.  As will become apparent, the seniority system represents a neutral way of minimizing the number of occasions when an employee must work on a day that he would prefer to have off.  Additionally, recognizing that weekend work schedules are the least popular, the company made further accommodation by reducing its work force to a bare minimum on those days.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 B}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[5B]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [5B]We are also convinced, contrary to the Court of Appeals, that TWA itself cannot be faulted for having failed to work }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*79]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  out a shift or job swap for Hardison.  Both the union and TWA had agreed to the seniority system; the union was unwilling to entertain a variance over the objections}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****28]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  of men senior to Hardison; }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***128]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  and for TWA to have arranged unilaterally for a swap would have amounted to a breach of the collective-bargaining agreement.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 (1)}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[7A]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [7A]Hardison and the EEOC insist that the statutory obligation to accommodate religious needs takes precedence over both the collective-bargaining contract and the seniority rights of TWA's other employees.  We agree that neither a collective-bargaining contract nor a seniority system may be employed to violate the statute, }{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=Franks v. Bowman Transportation Co., 424 U.S., at 778Alexander v. Gardner-Denver Co., 415 U.S. 36 (1974\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B6876E63-F5FD-48DF-9CBE-4D58FE4A63A0"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super 2 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  but we do not believe that the duty to accommodate requires TWA to take steps inconsistent with the otherwise valid agreement.  Collective bargaining, aimed at effecting workable and enforceable agreements between management and labor, lies at the core of our national labor policy, and seniority provisions are universally included in these contracts.  Without a clear and express indication from Congress, we cannot agree with Hardison and the EEOC that an agreed-upon seniority system must give way when necessary to accommodate religious observances. The issue is important and warrants some discussion.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****29]\~\~[*80]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1   Any employer who, like TWA, conducts an around-the-clock operation is presented with the choice of allocating work schedules either in accordance with the preferences of its employees or by involuntary assignment.  Insofar as the varying shift preferences of its employees complement each other, TWA could meet its manpower needs through voluntary work scheduling.  In the present case, for example, Hardison's supervisor }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2275]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  foresaw little difficulty in giving Hardison his religious holidays off since they fell on days that most other employees preferred to work, while Hardison was willing to work on the traditional holidays that most other employees preferred to have off.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Whenever there are not enough employees who choose to work a particular shift, however, some employees must be assigned to that shift even though it is not their first choice.  Such was evidently the case with regard to Saturday work; even though TWA cut back its weekend work force to a skeleton crew, not enough employees chose those days off to staff the Stores Department through voluntary scheduling.  In these circumstances, TWA and IAM agreed to give first preference to employees who had}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****30]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  worked in a particular department the longest.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Had TWA nevertheless circumvented the seniority system by relieving Hardison of Saturday work and ordering a senior employee to }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***129]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  replace him, it would have denied the latter his shift preference so that Hardison could be given his.  The senior employee would also have been deprived of his contractual rights under the collective-bargaining agreement.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 It was essential to TWA's business to require Saturday and Sunday work from at least a few employees even though most employees preferred those days off.  Allocating the burdens of weekend work was a matter for collective bargaining.  In considering criteria to govern this allocation, TWA and the union had two alternatives: adopt a neutral system, such as seniority, a lottery, or rotating shifts; or allocate days off in }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*81]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  accordance with the religious needs of its employees.  TWA would have had to adopt the latter in order to assure Hardison and others like him of getting the days off necessary for strict observance of their religion, but it could have done so only at the expense of others who had strong, but perhaps nonreligious, reasons for not working on weekends. }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****31]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  There were no volunteers to relieve Hardison on Saturdays, and to give Hardison Saturdays off, TWA would have had to deprive another employee of his shift preference at least in part because he did not adhere to a religion that observed the Saturday Sabbath.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[8]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [8]Title VII does not contemplate such unequal treatment. The repeated, unequivocal emphasis of both the language and the legislative history of Title VII is on eliminating discrimination in employment, and such discrimination is proscribed when it is directed against majorities as well as minorities.  See }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 supra, at 71-72}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .  Indeed, the foundation of Hardison's claim is that TWA and IAM engaged in religious discrimination in violation of 703(a)(1) when they failed to arrange for him to have Saturdays off.  I would be anomalous to conclude that by "reasonable accommodation" Congress meant that an employer must deny the shift and job preference of some employees, as well as deprive them of their contractual rights, in order to accommodate or prefer the religious needs of others, and we conclude that Title VII does not require an employer to go that far. }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****32]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (2)}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[9]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [9] }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[10]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [10]Our conclusion is supported by the fact that seniority systems are afforded special treatment under Title VII itself.  Section 703(h) provides in pertinent part: S}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 "Notwithstanding any other provision of this subchapter, it shall not be an unlawful employment practice for an employer to apply different standards of compensation, or different terms, conditions, or privileges of employment }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*82]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  pursuant to a bona fide seniority or merit system\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 provided that such differences are not the result of an intention to discriminate because of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin\u8230\'85." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.  \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e-2(h)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .I }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 "[T]he unmistakable purpose of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 703(h) was to make clear that the routine application of a bona fide seniority system would not be unlawful under Title VII." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Teamsters v. United States, 431 U.S. 324, 352 (1977)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . See also }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 United }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \~[**2276]\~}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2  Air Lines, Inc. v. Evans, }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \~[***130]\~}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2  431 U.S. 553 (1977)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****33]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Section 703(h) is "a definitional provision; as with the other provisions of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 703, subsection (h) delineates which employment practices are illegal and thereby prohibited and which are not." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Franks v. Bowman Transportation Co., 424 U.S. 747, 758 (1976)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Thus, absent a discriminatory purpose, the operation of a seniority system cannot be an unlawful employment practice even if the system has some discriminatory consequences.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[11A]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [11A]There has been no suggestion of discriminatory intent in this case.  "The seniority system was not designed with the intention to discriminate against religion nor did it act to lock members of any religion into a pattern wherein their freedom to exercise their religion was limited.  It was coincidental that in plaintiff's case the seniority system acted to compound his problems in exercising his religion." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 375 F.Supp., at 883}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . The Court of Appeals' conclusion that TWA was not limited by the terms of its seniority system was in substance nothing more than}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****34]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  a ruling that operation of the seniority system was itself an unlawful employment practice even though no discriminatory purpose had been shown.  That ruling is plainly inconsistent with the dictates of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 703(h), both on its face and as interpreted in the recent decisions of this Court.  }{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f4\fs18\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=LEdHN[11B]}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 424 U.S., at 762United Air Lines, Inc. v. Evans, 431 U.S. 553, 558-560 (1977\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://18D4A8DC-9676-43CF-ABDA-2D6F044440FE"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super 3 }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****35]\~\~[*83]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1     }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[7B]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [7B] }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[12A]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [12A]As we have said, TWA was not required by Title VII to carve out a special exception to its seniority system in order to help Hardison to meet his religious obligations.  }{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f4\fs18\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=LEdHN[12B]}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 375 F.Supp., at 884Id., 71375 F.Supp., at \\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://731ED0E6-F817-463D-900B-12CBEE3C82CD"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 891}}{\f1\fs24\super 4 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****36]\~\~[*84]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1    C }
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***131]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1   }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[5C]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [5C]The Court of Appeals also suggested that TWA could have permitted Hardison to work a four-day week if necessary in order to avoid working on his Sabbath.  Recognizing }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2277]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  that this might have left TWA short-handed on the one shift each week that Hardison did not work, the court still concluded that TWA would suffer no undue hardship if it were required to replace Hardison either with supervisory personnel or with qualified personnel from other departments.  Alternatively, the Court of Appeals suggested that TWA could have replaced Hardison on his Saturday shift with other available employees through the payment of premium wages.  Both of these alternatives would involve costs to TWA, either in the form of lost efficiency in other jobs or higher wages.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[13]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [13]To require TWA to bear more than a de minimis cost in order to give Hardison Saturdays off is an undue hardship. }{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=375 F.Supp., at \\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://ED467B82-6712-4B37-A109-51649FC6F454"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 891}}{\f1\fs24\super 5 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Like abandonment of the seniority system, to require TWA to bear additional costs when no such costs are incurred}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****37]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  to give other employees the days off that they want would involve unequal treatment of employees on the basis of their religion. By suggesting that TWA should incur certain costs in order to give Hardison Saturdays off the Court of Appeals would in effect require TWA to finance an additional Saturday off and then to choose the employee who will enjoy it on the basis of his religious beliefs.  While incurring extra costs to secure a replacement for Hardison might remove the necessity of compelling another employee to work involuntarily }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*85]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  in Hardison's place, it would not change the fact that the privilege of having Saturdays off would be allocated according to religious beliefs.  }
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****38]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1   }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 LEdHN[14]}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  [14]As we have seen, the paramount concern of Congress in enacting Title VII was the elimination of discrimination in employment.  In the absence of clear statutory language or legislative history to the contrary, we will not readily construe the statute to require an employer to discriminate against some employees in order to enable others to observe their }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***132]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Sabbath.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Reversed.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Dissent by:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~MARSHALL }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Dissent}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 MR. JUSTICE }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 MARSHALL}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , with whom MR. JUSTICE }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 BRENNAN}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  joins, dissenting.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 One of the most intractable problems arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.  \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e et seq.}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , has been whether an employer is guilty of religious discrimination when he discharges an employee (or refuses to hire a job applicant) because of the employee's religious practices.  Particularly troublesome has been the plight of adherents to minority faiths who do not observe the holy days on which most businesses are closed -- Sundays, Christmas, and Easter - but who need time off for their own days of religious observance. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****39]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  grappled with this problem in two sets of regulations, and in a long line of decisions.  Initially the Commission concluded that an employer was "free under Title VII to establish a normal workweek\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 generally applicable to all employees," and that an employee could not "demand any alteration in [his work schedule] to accommodate his religious needs." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 29 CFR \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7\u167\'A7 1605.1 (a)(3)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 (b)(3) (1967)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .  Eventually, however, the Commission changed its view and decided that employers must reasonably accommodate such requested schedule changes except where "undue hardship" would result -- for example, "where the employee's needed work cannot be performed }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*86]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  by another employee of substantially similar qualifications during the period of absence." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 29 CFR \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 1605.1 (b) (1976)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .  }{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=\loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 1605.1Section 1605.1\\end_Scrv_annot\}}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://57DD2960-FF49-471D-8E38-06313B37AF7E"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 *}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  In }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2278]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  amending Title VII in 1972 Congress confronted the same problem, and adopted the second position of the EEOC.  Pub. L. 92-261, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 2(7), 86 Stat. 103, codified at }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.  \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e (j) (1970 ed., Supp. V)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .  Both before and after the 1972 amendment the lower courts have considered at length the circumstances in which employers}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****40]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  must accommodate the religious practices of employees, reaching what the Court correctly describes as conflicting results, ante, at 75 n. 10.  And on two occasions this Court has attempted to provide guidance to the lower courts, only to find ourselves evenly divided.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Parker Seal Co. v. Cummins, 429 U.S. 65 (1976)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Dewey v. Reynolds Metals Co., 402 U.S. 689 (1971)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Today's decision deals a fatal blow to all efforts under Title VII to accommodate work requirements to religious practices.  The Court holds, in essence, that although the EEOC }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***133]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  regulations and the Act state that an employer must make reasonable adjustments in his work demands to take account of religious observances, the regulation and Act do not }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*87]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  really mean what they say.  An employer, the Court concludes, need not grant even the most minor special privilege to religious observers to enable them to follow their faith.  As a question of social policy, this result is deeply troubling, for a society that truly values religious pluralism cannot compel adherents of minority religions to make the cruel choice of surrendering their religion or their job.And as a matter of law}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****41]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  today's result is intolerable, for the Court adopts the very position that Congress expressly rejected in 1972, as if we were free to disregard congressional choices that a majority of this Court thinks unwise.  I therefore dissent.  }
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****42]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  I }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 With respect to each of the proposed accommodations to respondent Hardison's religious observances that the Court discusses, it ultimately notes that the accommodation would have required "unequal treatment," ante, at 81, 84-85, in favor of the religious observer. That is quite true.  But if an accommodation can be rejected simply because it involves preferential treatment, then the regulation and the statute, while brimming with "sound and fury," ultimately "signif[y] nothing." }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The accommodation issue by definition arises only when a neutral rule of general applicability conflicts with the religious practices of a particular employee.  In some of the reported cases, the rule in question has governed work attire; in other cases it has required attendance at some religious function; in still other instances, it has compelled membership in a union; and in the largest class of cases, it has concerned work schedules.  }{\f1\fs24\super 2}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=22 ALR Fed. 580 (1975\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D2B69506-9A49-49A2-A623-9B34EFEE7DBC"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  What all these cases have in common is an employee who could comply with the rule only by violating what the employee views as a religious commandment.  In each }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*88]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  instance, the question is whether the employee is to be exempt from the rule's demands. }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****43]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  To do so will always result in a privilege being "allocated according to religious beliefs," ante, at 85, unless }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2279]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  the employer gratuitously decides to repeal the rule in toto. What the statute says, in plain words, is that such allocations are required unless "undue hardship" would result.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The point is perhaps best made by considering a not altogether hypothetical example.  See CCH EEOC Decisions (1973) P 6180. Assume that an employer requires all employees to wear a particular type of hat at work in order to make the employees readily identifiable to customers.  Such a rule obviously does not, on its face, violate Title VII, and an employee who altered the uniform for reasons of teste could be discharged.  But a very different}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****44]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  question would be posed by the discharge of an employee who, for religious reasons, insisted on wearing over her hair a tightly fitted scarf }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***134]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  which was visible through the hat.  In such a case the employer could accommodate this religious practice without undue hardship -- or any hardship at all.  Yet as I understand the Court's analysis -- and nothing in the Court's response, ante, at 83 n. 14, 84 n. 15, is to the contrary - the accommodation would not be required because it would afford the privilege of wearing scarfs to a select few based on their religious beliefs.  The employee thus would have to give up either the religious practice or the job.  This, I submit, makes a mockery of the statute.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 In reaching this result, the Court seems almost oblivious of the legislative history of the 1972 amendments to Title VII which is briefly recounted in the Court's opinion, ante, at 73-75.  That history is far more instructive than the Court allows.  After the EEOC promulgated its second set of guidelines requiring reasonable accommodations unless undue hardship would result, at least two courts issued decisions questioning, whether the guidelines were consistent with Title}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****45]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  VII.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 Dewey v. Reynolds Metals Co., 429 F.2d 324 (CA6 1970)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*89]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  aff'd by equally divided }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Court, 402 U.S. 689 (1971)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Riley v. Bendix Corp., 330 F.Supp. 583 (MD Fla. 1971)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , rev'd, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 464 F.2d 1113 (CA5 1972)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . These courts reasoned, in language strikingly similar to today's decision, that to excuse religious observers from neutral work rules would "discriminate against\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 other employees" and "constitute unequal administration of the collective-bargaining agreement." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 Dewey v. Reynolds Metals Co., supra, at 330}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . They therefore refused to equate "religious discrimination with failure to accommodate." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 429 F.2d at 335}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . When Congress was reviewing Title VII in 1972, Senator Jennings Randolph informed the Congress of these decisions which, he said, had "clouded" the meaning of religious discrimination. 118 Cong. Rec. 706 (1972).  He introduced an amendment, tracking the language of the EEOC regulation, to make clear that Title VII requires religious accommodation, even though unequal treatment would result.  The primary purpose of the amendment, he explained, was to protect Saturday Sabbatarians like}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****46]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  himself from employers who refuse "to hire or to continue in employment employees whose religious practices rigidly require them to abstain from work in the nature of hire on particular days." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Id., at 705}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .  His amendment was unaminously approved by the Senate on a roll-call vote, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 id., at 731}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , and was accepted by the Conference Committee, H.R. Rep. No. 92-899, p. 15 (1972); S. Rep. No. 92-681, p. 15 (1972), whose report was approved by both Houses, 118 Cong. Rec. 7169, 7573 (1972).  Yet the Court today, in rejecting any accommodation that involves preferential treatment, follows the Dewey decision in direct contravention of congressional intent.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The Court's interpretation of the statute, by effectively nullifying it, has the singluar advantage of making consideration of petitioner's constitutional challenge unnecessary.  The Court does not even rationalize its construction on this ground, however, nor could it, since "resort to an alternative construction to avoid deciding a constitutional question is appropriate }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*90]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  only when such a course is 'fairly possible' or when the statute }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***135]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  provides a 'fair alternative' construction." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Swain v. Pressley, 430 U.S. 372, 378 n. 11 }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \~[**2280]\~}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2  (1977)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****47]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Moreover, while important constitutional questions would be posed by interpreting the law to compel employers (or fellow employees) to incur substantial costs to aid the religious observer, }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F7070832-8A0D-4750-8B52-CE53BC009A9B"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super 3}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  not all accommodations are costly, and the constitutionality of the statute is not placed in serious doubt simply because it sometimes requires an exemption from a work rule.  Indeed, this Court has repeatedly found no }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Establishment Clause}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  problems in exempting religious observers from state-imposed duties, e.g., }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Wisconsin v. Yoder, 406 U.S. 205, 234-235, n. 22 (1972)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Sherbert v. Verner, 374 U.S. 398, 409 (1963)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 Zorach v. Clauson, 343 U.S. 306 (1952)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , even when the exemption was in no way compelled by the }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Free Exercise Clause}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , e.g., }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Gillette v. United States, 401 U.S. 437 (1971)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Welsh v. United States, 398 U.S. 333, 371-372 (1970)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (WHITE, J., dissenting); }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Sherbert v. Verner, supra, at 422}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (Harlan, J., dissenting); }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Braunfeld v. Brown, 366 U.S. 599, 608 (1961)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (dictum); }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 McGowan v. Maryland, 366 U.S. 420, 520 (1961)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (opinion of Frankfurter, J.).  }{\f1\fs24\super 4}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=Young v. Southwestern Savings & Loan Assn., 509 F.2d 140 (CA5 1975)United States v. Seeger, 380 U.S. 163, 176 (1965)Lemon v. Kurtzman, 403 U.S. 602 (1971)Establishment ClauseWalz v. Tax Comm'n, 397 U.S. 664, 668 (1970\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://91FA69ED-9EEB-407C-B86F-C27466898601"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  If the State does not establish }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****48]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*91]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  religion over nonreligion by excusing religious practitioners from obligations owed the State, I do not see how the State can be said to establish religion by requiring employers to do the same with respect to obligations owed the employer.  Thus, I think it beyond dispute that the Act does -- and, consistently with the }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 First Amendment}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , can -- require employers to grant privileges to religious observers as part of the accommodation process.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****49]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  II }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Once it is determined that the duty to accommodate sometimes requires that an employee be exempted from an otherwise valid work requirement, the only remaining question is whether this is such }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***136]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  a case: Did TWA prove that it exhausted all reasonable accommodations, and that the only remaining alternatives would have caused undue hardship on TWA's business? To pose the question is to answer it, for all that the District Court found TWA had done to accommodate respondent's Sabbath observance was that it "held several meetings with [respondent]\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 [and] authorized the union steward to search for someone who would swap shifts." }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 375 F.Supp. 877, 890-891 (WD Mo. 1974)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . To conclude that TWA, one of the largest air carriers in the Nation, would have suffered undue hardship had it done anything more defies both reason and common sense.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The Court implicitly assumes that the only means of accommodation open to TWA were to compel an unwilling employee to replace Hardison; to pay premium wages to }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2281]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  a voluntary substitute; or to employ one less person during }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*92]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  respondent's Sabbath shift.  }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://5A9B0148-CECE-483A-BCB8-762BAF9DB3E9"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super 5}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Based on this assumption, the Court seemingly finds}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****50]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  that each alternative would have involved undue hardship not only because Hardison would have been given a special privilege, but also because either another employee would have been deprived of rights under the collective-bargaining agreement, ante, at 80-81, or because "more than a de minimis cost," ante, at 84, would have been imposed on TWA.  But the Court's myopic view of the available options is not supported by either the District Court's findings or the evidence adduced at trial.  Thus, the Court's conclusion cannot withstand analysis, even assuming that its rejection of the alternatives it does discuss is justifiable.  }{\f1\fs24\super 6}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=375 F.Supp., at 891}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 supra, at 85-\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7BC4F95B-8EFF-47DF-A645-E5678A2C21D1"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 86}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****51]\~\~[*93]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1    To }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***137]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  begin with, the record simply does not support the Court's assertion, made without accompanying citations, that "[t]here were no volunteers to relieve Hardison on Saturdays," ante, at 81.  Everett Kussman, the manager of the department in which respondent worked, testified that he had made no effort to find volunteers, App. 136, }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://186344BF-7C6F-418F-9A27-B1491AF69D7B"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super 7}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  and the union stipulated that its steward had not done so either, }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 id., at 158.  }{\f1\fs24\super 8}{\f1\fs18\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=8\~}{\f1\fs18\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 The Court relies, ante, at 78, on the District Court's conclusory assertion that "[a]ny shift or change was impossible within the seniority framework." }{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 375 F.Supp., at 889}{\f1\fs18\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 . But the District Court also found that "TWA did not take part in the search for employees willing to swap shifts\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 and it was admitted at trial that the Union made no real effort." }{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Id., at 888}{\f1\fs18\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 . Thus, the District Court's statement concerning the impact of "the seniority framework" lends no support to the Court's assertion that there were no volunteers.  See also n. 10, infra.\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://268A5113-0D31-4B14-A655-8FA18CE85F0B"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs18\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2  }}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2282]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Thus, contrary to the Court's assumption, there may have been one or more employees who, for reasons of either sympathy or personal convenience, willingly would have substituted }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*94]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  for respondent on Saturdays until respondent could either regain the non-Saturday shift he had held for the three preceding months }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B1A35BC9-6FDC-4224-A8A3-8B83E1DD75A8"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super 9}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  or transfer back to his old department where he had sufficient seniority to avoid Saturday work.  Alternatively, there may have been an employee who preferred respondent's Thursday-Monday daytime shift to his own; in fact, respondent testified that he had informed Kussman and the union steward that the clerk on the Sunday-Thursday night shift (the "graveyard" shift) was dissatisfied with his hours.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Id., at 70}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .  Thus, }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****52]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  respondent's religious observance might have been accommodated by a simple trade of days or shifts without necessarily depriving any employee of his or her contractual rights }{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=375 F.Supp., at 884}
\par\pard\plain \ri0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 id., at \\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://8FD1E9DF-13F4-413B-8DA9-2EB80776C84A"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 144}}{\f1\fs24\super 0 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  and without }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*95]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  imposing significant }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***138]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  costs on TWA.  Of course, it is also possible that no trade -- or none consistent with the seniority system - could have been arranged. But the burden under the EEOC regulation is on TWA to establish that a reasonable accommodation was not possible.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 29 CFR \loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u167\'A7 1605.1(c)(1976)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .Because it failed either to explore the possibility of a voluntary trade or to assure that its delegate, the union steward, did so, TWA was unable to meet its burden.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****53]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Nor was a voluntary trade the only option open to TWA that the Court ignores; to the contrary, at least two other options are apparent from the record.  First, TWA could have paid overtime to a voluntary replacement for respondent -- assuming that someone would have been willing to work Saturdays for premium pay -- and passed on the cost to respondent.  In fact, one accommodation Hardison suggested would have done just that by requiring Hardison to work overtime when needed at regular pay.  Under this plan, the total overtime cost to the employer -- and the total number of overtime hours available for other employees -- would not have reflected Hardison's Sabbath absences.  Alternatively, TWA could have transferred respondent back to his previous department where he had accumulated substantial seniority, as respondent also suggested.  }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://99C7B4A3-BCA0-4C6C-A19B-33F7D25F4EE1"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super 1}}{\f1\fs24\super 1 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Admittedly, both options would have violated the collective-bargaining agreement; the former because the agreement required that employees working over 40 hours per week receive premium pay, and the latter because the agreement prohibited employees from transferring }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*96]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  departments }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2283]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  more than once every six months.  But neither}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****54]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  accommodation would have deprived any other employee of rights under the contract or violated the seniority system in any way.  }{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=Draper v. United States Pipe & Foundry Co., 527 F.2d 515 (CA6 1975\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3FC4B53F-1781-4690-9131-8D6442858A95"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super 2 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Plainly an employer cannot avoid his duty to accommodate by signing a contract that precludes all reasonable accommodations; even the Court appears to concede as much, ante, at 79.  Thus I do not believe it can be even seriously argued that TWA would have suffered "undue hardship" to its business had it required respondent to pay the extra costs of his replacement, or had it transferred respondent to his former department.  }{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=Establishment Clausesupra, at 90Selective Draft Law Cases, 245 U.S. 366, 389-390 (1918)Gallagher v. Crown Kosher Market, 366 U.S. 617, 627 (1961\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://7D8CE15C-6484-4CB7-9B28-69A620847573"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super 3 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****55]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  What }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[***139]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  makes today's decision most tragic, however, is not that respondent Hardison has been needlessly deprived of his livelihood simply because he chose to follow the dictates of his conscience.  Nor is the tragedy exhausted by the impact it will have on thousands of Americans like Hardison who could be forced to live on welfare as the price they must pay for }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*97]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  worshiping their God.  }{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=Sherbert v. Verner, 374 U.S. 398 (1963\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D9D5C67D-3CDD-4455-A9D8-ACB2F98F4638"}{\fldrslt\f6\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super 4 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  The ultimate tragedy is that despite Congress' best efforts, one of this Nation's pillars of strength -- our hospitality to religious diversity -- has been seriously eroded.  All Americans will be a little poorer until today's decision is erased.  }
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****56]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  I respectfully dissent.  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 References}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-120\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 15 Am Jur 2d, Civil Rights 193}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 195}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 196}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 199}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 5 Am Jur Pl & Pr Forms (Rev Ed), Civil Rights, Form 61; 16 Am Jur Pl & Pr Forms (Rev Ed), Labor and Labor Relations, Forms 321 et seq.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 21 Am Jur Trials 1, Employment Discrimination Action Under Federal Civil Rights Acts}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e et seq.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 FRES, Job Discrimination 2:7, 2:51, 2:177}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 US L Ed Digest, Civil Rights 7.5}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ALR Digests, Civil Rights 1, 1.3, 20}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 L Ed Index to Annos, Civil Rights; Labor and Employment; Religion}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ALR Quick Index, Discrimination}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Federal Quick Index, Civil Rights; Fair Employment Practices}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~Annotation References:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Supreme Court's view as to weight and effect to be given, on subsequent judicial construction, to prior administrative construction of statute .  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 39 L Ed 2d 942}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Administrative or practical construction of statute as precedent for judicial construction.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 73 L Ed 323, 84 L Ed 28}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 What constitutes reverse or majority discrimination on basis of sex or race violative of Federal Constitution}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[****57]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  or statutes.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 26 ALR Fed 13}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Validity, construction, and application of provisions of Title VII of Civil Rights Act 1964 (}{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 USCS 2000e et seq.}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ) and implementing regulations, making religious discrimination in employment unlawful.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 22 ALR Fed 580}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Fair employment statutes designed to eliminate racial, religious, or national origin discrimination in private employment.  }{\f6\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 44 ALR2d 1138}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f3\fs16\b1\cf5 End of Document}
\par\plain \f0\fs24}