{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>MEMORANDUM}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 TODO//}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 INTRODUCTION}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 TODO//}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 ISSUES AND BRIEF ANSWERS}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 TODO//}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 FACTS}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 TODO//}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 DISCUSSION}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 I.\tab It Is Likely That Capital Boost Did Not Violate Title VII Because It Offered a Facial Accommodation Barat Rejected and Faced Significant Operational Burdens That Support an Undue Hardship Defense.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, employers must reasonably accommodate an employee\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s sincerely held religious beliefs or practices unless doing so would impose an \u8220\'93undue hardship on the conduct of the employer\u8217\'92s business.\u8221\'94 42 U.S.C. \u167\'A7 2000e(j). Trans World Airlines, Inc. v. Hardison, 432 U.S. 63 (1977) has been the most controlling case over this, which allowed employers to deny accommodations that imposed \u8220\'93more than a de minimis cost.\u8221\'94 Id. at 84. This low threshold favored employers and made the proving of an undue hardship straight-forward. However, with Groff v. DeJoy, 600 U.S. 447 (2023), the Supreme Court clarified from Hardison\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93de minimis\u8221\'94 standard, stating instead that Title VII requires that: \u8220\'93An employer must show that the burden of granting an accommodation would result in substantial increased costs in relation to the conduct of its particular business.\u8221\'94 Id. at 460. This increased standard demands a more in-depth, fact-based inquiry into the actual impact of accommodation, rather than more-than-minor costs. A \u8220\'93reasonable accommodation\u8221\'94 under Title VII is one that effectively resolves the conflict between an employee\u8217\'92s religious practice and workplace requirements, even if it is not the employee\u8217\'92s preferred solution. Ansonia Bd. of Educ. v. Philbrook, 479 U.S. 60, 70 (1986). The employer meets its obligation if the offered accommodation allows the employee to practice their religion without requiring the employer to bear a substantial burden.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 The sections that follow address two issues: first, whether Capital Boost provided reasonable accommodation and whether Barat adequately engaged in that process; additionally, whether Capital Boost can establish undue hardship based on operational disruptions and coworker burdens.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 A.\tab While the Boiler Room Was Likely Inadequate without further modification than offered, Barat\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Failure to Propose Alternatives or Collaborate Meaningfully Undermines His Claim That Capital Boost Violated Title VII. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Under Title VII, a reasonable accommodation is one that allows an employee to meet religious obligations while still fulfilling job requirements, even if it is not the employee\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s preferred option. Ansonia Bd. of Educ. v. Philbrook, 479 U.S. 60, 70 (1986).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 This section considers two questions: whether the boiler room was a reasonable accommodation, and whether Barat\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s refusal to engage in the process weakens his claim.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 1.\tab It Is Likely the Boiler Room Was Not a Reasonable Accommodation Because Its Physical Condition Violated Barat\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Religious Requirements and Proposal for Alterations Likely Did Not Resolve Issues.}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Under Title VII, an employer satisfies the duty of accommodation if the employee can practice their religion unless it cannot be done without undue hardship. The accommodation must effectively permit the practice. Ansonia Bd. of Educ. v. Philbrook, 479 U.S. 60, 70 (1986). The Tenth Circuit has emphasized that reasonableness is a fact-specific inquiry, and accommodation is not reasonable if it fails to allow the employee to meet their religious obligations. Tabura v. Kellogg USA, 880 F.3d 544, 550 (2018). Similarly, the court has held that an employer cannot rely on facially available but practically unusable accommodation. Toledo v. Nobel-Sysco, Inc., 892 F.2d 1481, 1489 (1989).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 In Pinsker v. Joint Dist. No. 28J, 735 F.2d 388, 390\endash 91 (1984), the Tenth Circuit upheld an employer\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s leave policy as a reasonable accommodation because it allowed a teacher to observe religious holidays without risking employment, even though it required him to take unpaid leave. The court emphasized that the accommodation was workable in practice and did not force the employee to violate his religious obligations. By contrast, in Tabura, the court found that shift-swapping and vacation time were not necessarily reasonable because they did not consistently allow employees to observe their Sabbath.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Here, Capital Boost offered Barat the boiler room as an alternative prayer space and suggested it could be \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93fixed up.\u8221\'94 While cosmetic improvements might have addressed cleanliness or lighting, The intrinsic factors like the heat from the boiler itself made it unsuitable for prayer. Unlike the unpaid leave in Pinsker, which directly enabled religious observance, the boiler room would not have eliminated the conflict between Barat\u8217\'92s religious obligations and his work environment. Even if altered, the space would still have failed to meet the religious requirement that prayer occur in a clean and dignified setting.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 With this in mind, while Capital Boost\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s offer was seemingly in good faith, it is less likely than not that the boiler room constituted a \u8220\'93reasonable accommodation\u8221\'94 under Title VII, because its inherent characteristics prevented it from allowing Barat to practice his faith as required.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 2.\tab Barat More Likely Than Not Failed to Engage in the Accommodation Process After Rejecting the Boiler Room Without Continuing to Propose any Alternate Solutions or Compromises}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Under Title VII, once an employee establishes a prima facie case of religious discrimination, the burden shifts to the employer to show that it either provided a reasonable accommodation or that doing so would cause undue hardship. Toledo v. Nobel-Sysco, Inc., 892 F.2d 1481, 1486 (1989). Courts have emphasized that this duty is reciprocal: while the employer must make good-faith efforts to accommodate, the employee must also cooperate in the process. In Lee v. ABF Freight Sys., Inc., 22 F.3d 1019, 1022\endash 23 (1994), the Tenth Circuit held that an employee undermined his claim by rejecting proposed accommodations without attempting them or offering alternatives. In Brener v. Diagnostic Ctr. Hosp., 671 F.2d 141 (1982), the court explained that an employee must make a good faith attempt to satisfy religious needs through the means offered by the employer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Here, according to his deposition, Barat rejected the boiler room outright but did not propose any alternative accommodations or engage in further dialogue before his termination. This failure to suggest alternatives weighs against the claim, as courts in the Tenth Circuit have consistently required employees to participate in the process. At the same time, the record shows that the period between his rejection and termination was brief, the short time frame makes it less clear whether his lack of response would be treated as a decisive failure. Accordingly, it is more likely than not that Barat did not adequately engage in the accommodation process, but the timeline reduces the strength of this conclusion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Pray case exists for this//}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 B.\tab Capital Boost Likely Faced an Undue Hardship Due to Operational Disruptions, Even Though the Impact on Coworkers Alone May Not Independently Satisfy the Title VII Threshold. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Under Title VII, an employer need not provide a religious accommodation if doing so would create an \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93undue hardship on the conduct of the employer\u8217\'92s business.\u8221\'94 42 U.S.C. \u167\'A7\u8239\'A02000e(j). In Groff v. DeJoy, 600 U.S. 447, (2023), the Supreme Court clarified that undue hardship requires a showing that the accommodation would impose a substantial burden in the overall context of the employer\u8217\'92s business, not merely a minor inconvenience. Id at 460, 461.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Earlier cases, most notably Trans World Airlines, Inc. v. Hardison, 432 U.S. 63 (1977), had been read to allow denial of accommodations for \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93more than a de minimis cost.\u8221\'94 Id. at 84. While Groff heightened the standard, Hardison and similar cases remain instructive because their factual analyses focused on significant operational burdens such as premium pay, disruption of essential functions, or conflicts with labor agreements. Those examples continue to illustrate the kinds of impacts that can qualify as \u8220\'93substantial\u8221\'94 under the clarified standard.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 This section evaluates whether Capital Boost can establish undue hardship by addressing two questions: whether Barat\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s prayer schedule disrupted sales operations and the company\u8217\'92s return-to-office strategy, and whether coworker resentment and workflow burdens independently or jointly meet the Title VII threshold.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 1.\tab Capital Boost Likely Faced an Undue Hardship Because Barat\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Prayer Schedule Disrupted Core Sales Functions, Undermined Client Engagement, and Threatened the Viability of Its Return-to-Office Strategy. }
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 \tab Under Title VII, an employer may deny religious accommodation if it proves that granting it would impose an undue hardship on the conduct of its business. 42 U.S.C. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e(j). The Supreme Court clarified in Groff v. DeJoy, 600 U.S. 447, 460\endash 61 (2023), that the proper standard requires a showing of a substantial burden in the overall context of the employer\u8217\'92s business. Courts must consider the nature, size, and operating costs of the employer, and coworker impacts are relevant only insofar as they affect the conduct of the business. Id. at 468, 469.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 In EEOC v. JBS USA, LLC, 339 F. Supp. 3d 1135, 1173 (2018), the court found undue hardship where Muslim employees\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 requests for prayer breaks in a meatpacking plant disrupted production lines and created safety risks. Similarly, in Toledo v. Nobel-Sysco, Inc., 892 F.2d 1481, 1489 (1989), the Tenth Circuit recognized that an accommodation requiring significant operational changes or impairing the employer\u8217\'92s ability to meet business needs could constitute undue hardship. These cases illustrate that when religious accommodation interferes with essential business functions, courts are more likely to find undue hardship.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Here, Capital Boost\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s business model depends heavily on continuous client engagement through phone calls, meetings, and sales quotas. The record shows that Barat\u8217\'92s daily breaks caused missed staff meetings, unanswered client calls, and disruptions to sales operations. Other employees were forced to cover his calls, and management expressed concern that the interruptions undermined the company\u8217\'92s return-to-office strategy, which was viewed as critical to reversing declining sales. Much like the production-line disruptions in JBS USA, Barat\u8217\'92s absences directly impaired the company\u8217\'92s ability to perform its goals. As in Toledo, the accommodation required the employer to absorb significant operational inefficiencies at a time of economic strain.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Because Barat\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s prayer schedule disrupted Capital Boost\u8217\'92s sales operations and threatened its return-to-office initiative, the company can likely demonstrate that continuing the accommodation would have imposed an undue hardship.  Under Title VII, an employer may deny religious accommodation if granting it would impose an undue hardship on the conduct of its business. The Supreme Court has clarified that undue hardship requires a showing that the accommodation would result in a substantial burden in the overall context of the employer\u8217\'92s business, not merely a minor inconvenience. Groff v. DeJoy, 600 U.S. 447, 460\endash 61 (2023).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Courts applying this standard have upheld undue hardship defenses where the economic or operational costs were significant. In Smith v. Pyro Mining Co., 827 F.2d 1081 (1987), the court held that exempting an employee from Sunday work would have required the company to disrupt a continuous\_operation schedule, creating costs substantial enough to constitute undue hardship.  Similarly, in EEOC v. JBS USA, LLC, 339 F. Supp. 3d 1135, 1173 (2018), prayer breaks that halted production lines were deemed an undue hardship. These cases showcase that when accommodation directly impairs essential operations or imposes significant financial burdens, courts are more likely to find undue hardship.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Capital Boost\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s business model depends on uninterrupted client engagement, with nearly all contact being on phone lines. Barat\u8217\'92s prayer breaks left calls unanswered, forced other agents to abandon their own quotas to cover for him. Management also testified that these interruptions undermined the credibility of the company\u8217\'92s return\_to\_office strategy, which was central to its survival in a declining market. Unlike the speculative burdens rejected in some cases, these disruptions were concrete, recurring, and directly impaired Capital Boost\u8217\'92s ability to perform its core revenue\_generating functions. Because Barat\u8217\'92s prayer schedule repeatedly disrupted client engagement and weakened a company\_wide initiative during a period of economic strain, Capital Boost can likely demonstrate that continuing the accommodation would have imposed a substantial burden, and thus an undue hardship, under Title VII.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 2.\tab While Barat\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Prayer Routine Caused Friction Among Coworkers, the Resulting Burden Is Unlikely to Meet the Threshold for Undue Hardship Under Title VII.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Find Cases//}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Under Title VII, an employer may deny a religious accommodation only if it can show that granting it would impose a substantial burden on the conduct of its business. Groff v. DeJoy, 600 U.S. 447, 460\endash 61 (2023). The Court emphasized that coworker impacts matter only when they translate into actual operational disruption, not when they reflect resentment or dislike.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Courts have given weight to coworker burdens primarily in the context of collective bargaining agreements. In Trans World Airlines, Inc. v. Hardison, 432 U.S. 63 (1977), the Court held that Title VII did not require overriding a collectively bargained seniority system to accommodate Sabbath observance. That reasoning shows that when accommodations conflict with contractual rights or impose premium pay obligations, coworker burdens may amount to undue hardship.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Outside those contexts, courts have been reluctant to credit coworker complaints. In Brown v. Polk County, 61 F.3d 650 (1995), the court rejected coworker hostility as a defense, and in Toledo v. Nobel Sysco, Inc., 892 F.2d 1481 (1989), the Tenth Circuit stressed that inconvenience or dissatisfaction alone is insufficient.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Here, Capital Boost points to coworkers\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 frustration over covering Barat\u8217\'92s calls and perceptions of preferential treatment. While these concerns reflect tension, they do not relate to collective bargaining rights or premium pay. Absent features, coworker resentment is unlikely to qualify as a substantial burden. Unless Capital Boost can show that resentment materially impaired sales or client retention, this argument is weak under Groff.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Accordingly, coworker friction is highly unlikely to support an undue hardship defense in this case.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 CONCLUSION}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 TODO//}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}