{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldItalicMT;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-ItalicMT;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f8\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green119\blue204;\red118\green118\blue118;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 


\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\qr{\f1\fs20 Page  of }\cell{
\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414
\row}\pard

\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\sa200\sb60\qc{\f1\fs20 Tabura v. Kellogg USA}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain 


\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx2103

\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx6220

\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\ql\f0\fs24\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\ql\f0\fs24\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\ql\f0\fs24\cell{
\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx2103

\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx6220

\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sa200\sb240\sl340\slmult0\qc\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 <$Scr_Ps::0>Tabura v. Kellogg USA<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\sl340\slmult0\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 January 17, 2018, Filed}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 No. 16-4135}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Reporter}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 880 F.3d 544\~*; 2018 U.S. App. LEXIS 1054\~**; 130 Fair Empl. Prac. Cas. (BNA) 1101; 102 Empl. Prac. Dec. (CCH) P45,962; 2018 WL 443397}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 RICHARD TABURA; GUADALUPE DIAZ, Plaintiffs - Appellants, v. KELLOGG USA, Defendant - Appellee. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION, Amicus Curiae.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Prior History:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**1]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Appeal from the United States District Court for the District of Utah. (D.C. No. 1:14-CV-00014-TC-PMW).}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Tabura v. Kellogg USA, Inc., 194 F. Supp. 3d 1188, 2016 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 88363 (D. Utah, July 7, 2016)}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Case Summary}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-120\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Overview}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 HOLDINGS: [1]-Where employees' religious practice of weekly observing the Sabbath by refraining from work from sundown Friday through sunset Saturday conflicted with their employer's requirement that its production employees work every other Saturday, disputed issues of material fact remained, requiring resolution by the trier of fact, in the employees' Title VII suit; [2]-Title VII required the employer reasonably to accommodate the employees' religious practice, if the employer could do so without incurring undue hardship to its business, but whether the employer had reasonably accommodated the employees' Sabbath observance by a combination of allowing them to use their vacation and other paid time off, as well as permitting them to swap shifts with other employees, and, if not, whether the employer could do so without undue hardship, required resolution by the trier of fact.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Outcome}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Decision reversed; case remanded.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 LexisNexis\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u174\'AE Headnotes}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-120\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Appellate Review\~>\~Standards of Review}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN1}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Appellate Review, Standards of Review}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 An appellate court reviews a district court's summary judgment decisions de novo.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Entitlement as Matter of Law\~>\~Genuine Disputes}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Entitlement as Matter of Law\~>\~Legal Entitlement}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Entitlement as Matter of Law\~>\~Materiality of Facts}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN2}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Entitlement as Matter of Law, Genuine Disputes}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A court shall grant summary judgment if the movant shows that there is no genuine dispute as to any material fact and the movant is entitled to judgment as a matter of law. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Fed. R. Civ. P. 56(a)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Motions for Summary Judgment\~>\~Cross Motions}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN3}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Motions for Summary Judgment, Cross Motions}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Where courts are presented with cross-motions for summary judgment, they must view each motion separately, in the light most favorable to the non-moving party, and draw all reasonable inferences in that party's favor.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~Discrimination\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Scope & Definitions}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN4}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Defenses, Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Title VII makes it unlawful for an employer to fail or refuse to hire or to discharge any individual, or otherwise to discriminate against any individual with respect to his compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such individual's religion. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.S. \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . The term religion includes all aspects of religious observance and practice, as well as belief, unless an employer demonstrates that he is unable to reasonably accommodate an employee's or prospective employee's religious observance or practice without undue hardship on the conduct of the employer's business. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.S. \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e(j)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Title VII, thus, requires that an employer, short of undue hardship, make reasonable accommodations to the religious needs of its employees.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Burdens of Proof\~>\~Burden Shifting}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Burdens of Proof\~>\~Employee Burdens}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN5}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Burdens of Proof, Burden Shifting}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A version of the McDonnell Douglas burden-shifting analysis aids courts in addressing failure to accommodate religious practices questions. At the first step of that analysis, it is the employee's burden to establish a prima facie claim by showing that 1) the employee has a bona fide religious belief that conflicts with a job requirement, 2) the employee informed the employer of this conflict; and 3) the employer fired the employee for failing to comply with the job requirement.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN6}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Defenses, Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Title VII requires that an employer, short of undue hardship, make reasonable accommodations to the religious needs of its employees. Accommodate means allowing the plaintiff to engage in her religious practice despite the employer's normal rules to the contrary.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN7}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Defenses, Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 To be reasonable, a religious accommodation need not provide a total accommodation. Although an employee is not required to modify his religious beliefs, a reasonable accommodation need not be on the employee's terms, only.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN8}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Defenses, Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Any reasonable religious accommodation by the employer is sufficient to meet its accommodation obligation. An employee is not entitled to the accommodation of his choice. Once the employer has provided a reasonable accommodation, it need not further show that each of the employee's alternative accommodations would result in undue hardship.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN9}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Defenses, Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Title VII expressly requires only that an employer reasonably accommodate an employee's religion, }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C.S. \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e(j)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Determining what is reasonable is a fact-specific determination that must be made on a case-by-case basis.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN10}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Defenses, Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Title VII does not demand mere neutrality with regard to religious practices\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that they be treated no worse than other practices. Rather, it gives them favored treatment, affirmatively obligating employers not to fail or refuse to hire or discharge any individual because of such individual's religious observance and practice. An employer is surely entitled to have, for example, a no-headwear policy as an ordinary matter. But when an applicant requires an accommodation as an aspect of religious practice, it is no response that the subsequent failure to hire was due to an otherwise-neutral policy. Title VII requires otherwise-neutral policies to give way to the need for an accommodation.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN11}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Defenses, Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 An employer cannot take refuge behind a neutral policy if something more is required reasonably to accommodate a religious need. An employer can, of course, meet its obligation to accommodate its employees' religious practice by using a neutral policy, so long as that policy reasonably accommodates the employee's religious needs. Nothing in Title VII requires the accommodation uniquely to target a religious concern. But, on the other hand, if a general policy does not amount to a reasonable accommodation of the employee's religious needs, then merely having a neutral employment policy will not absolve the employer of its Title VII obligation reasonably to accommodate its employee's religious practices, short of an undue hardship. Were that not so, the 'reasonable accommodation requirement could not accomplish its intended objective. Title VII requires otherwise-neutral policies to give way to the need for an accommodation.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN12}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Defenses, Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Subject to a reasonableness analysis, an employee may be required to use vacation or other paid time off to avoid conflict with religious obligations.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN13}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Defenses, Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 An employee has a duty to cooperate with his employer's attempts to accommodate the employee's religious practices.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Entitlement as Matter of Law\~>\~Need for Trial}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~Trials\~>\~Jury Trials\~>\~Province of Court & Jury}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN14}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Entitlement as Matter of Law, Need for Trial}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 An employer incurs an undue hardship if it must bear more than a de minimis cost in order to give an employee Saturdays off to observe his Sabbath. Any cost in efficiency or wage expenditure that is more than de minimis constitutes undue hardship. The cost of hiring an additional worker or the loss of production that results from not replacing a worker who is unavailable due to a religious conflict can amount to undue hardship. It is the employer's burden to show that it cannot offer a reasonable accommodation without undue hardship. Whether an employer will incur an undue hardship is a fact question that turns on the particular factual context of each case.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Counsel:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~Gene C. Schaerr, Schaerr Duncan LLP, Washington, D. C. (Stuart Kyle Duncan and Michael T. Worley, Schaerr Duncan LLP, Washington, D. C.; Alan Jay Reinach, Church State Council, Westlake Village, California; Erik Strindberg and Matt Harrison, Strindberg & Scholnick LLP, Salt Lake City, Utah; and Todd R. McFarland, General Conference of Seventh Day Adventists, Silver Spring, Maryland, with him on the briefs), for Plaintiffs-Appellants.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Timothy P. Monsma, Varnum LLP, Grand Rapids, Michigan (Lawrence J. Murphy, Varnum LLP, Grand Rapids, Michigan; Matthew M. Durham and Lauren A. Shurman, Stoel Rives LLP, Salt Lake City, Utah, with him on the briefs), for Defendant-Appellee.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Gail S. Coleman (P. David Lopez, Jennifer S. Goldstein, and Margo Pave, with her on the brief), Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Washington, District of Columbia, for Amicus Curiae.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Judges:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~Before KELLY, EBEL, and BACHARACH, Circuit Judges.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Opinion by:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~EBEL}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Opinion}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*546]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 EBEL}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , Circuit Judge.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Plaintiffs Richard Tabura and Guadalupe Diaz ("Plaintiffs") are Seventh Day Adventists who honor the Sabbath by refraining from work each week from Friday at sundown}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  through sundown Saturday. That religious practice conflicted with their job schedules at a food production plant operated by Defendant Kellogg USA, Inc. ("Kellogg"). Eventually Kellogg terminated each Plaintiff for not working their Saturday shifts. Plaintiffs allege that in doing so, Kellogg violated }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Title VII of the Civil Rights Act}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  by failing to accommodate their Sabbath observance. Both sides moved for summary judgment. The district court denied Plaintiffs' motion and granted Kellogg summary judgment, concluding as a matter of law both that Kellogg did reasonably accommodate Plaintiffs' religious practice and, alternatively, that Kellogg }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*547]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  could not further accommodate their Sabbath observance without incurring undue hardship. We conclude, on the record before us, that the district court erred in granting Kellogg summary judgment; however, on that same record, the district court did not err in denying Plaintiffs summary judgment. Having jurisdiction under }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 28 U.S.C. \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u167\'A7 1291}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , therefore, we REVERSE summary judgment for Kellogg and REMAND for further proceedings.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 I. BACKGROUND}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 When Plaintiffs began working at the food production plant in Clearfield, Utah, they worked Monday through Thursday, ten hours}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**3]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  a day. Plaintiffs continued with that schedule after Kellogg took over the plant in 2007. In March 2011, however, Kellogg changed its shift schedule, adopting "continuous crewing" by dividing the plant's workforce into four shifts, designated A, B, C, and D. Each shift worked twelve hours a day for two or three days, and then would have two or three days off. Tabura and Diaz worked on Shift A, a day shift that included approximately twenty-five to thirty employees who worked from 6 a.m. to 6 or 6:30 p.m. Tabura was among the twelve to fifteen employees on Shift A who worked in processing; Diaz and the others worked in packaging. Shift A was paired with Shift C, whose members worked at night, from 6 or 6:30 p.m. to 6 or 6:30 a.m. B and D Shifts were similarly paired, one working days and the other nights when Shifts A and C were off.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Each of the four shifts had to work every other Saturday, or twenty-six Saturdays each year. Plaintiffs informed Kellogg that they could not work on Saturdays because it was their Sabbath. During the winter months, Plaintiffs had a further conflict finishing their shifts on Fridays when the sun set before their shift ended. Kellogg permitted Plaintiffs to}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**4]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  avoid these scheduling conflicts by using paid vacation and sick/personal time and arranging to swap shifts with other employees. These options were available to any employee who wanted to take a day off for any reason.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Although Plaintiffs could swap shifts with other workers, there were difficulties in doing so. Plaintiffs had to arrange their own swaps, the swapping employees had to be qualified to perform each other's jobs, and Kellogg had to approve the swap. Swapping was further complicated because, for safety reasons, Kellogg would not permit an employee to work more than thirteen straight hours, so Plaintiffs could not swap with anyone on C Shift, the night shift that followed Plaintiffs' Shift A. Instead, Plaintiffs had to find someone from either Shift B or D. But Plaintiffs were not at the plant at the same time as those shifts, and the D night shift members would have had to alter their sleep schedules in order to work the A day shift.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Kellogg assessed disciplinary points against any employee who missed part or all of a scheduled work day without taking paid time off or trading shifts with another employee, or who failed to give adequate notice of an absence: four points for}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**5]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  an absence for which the employee did not give Kellogg at least two hours' notice, two points for an absence that was not pre-approved if the employee called in at least two hours before his shift began, and one point for arriving late, leaving early, or taking too long a lunch break. Accumulating too many points would trigger progressive disciplinary measures: Generally ten points would result in a verbal warning, twelve points would result in a written warning, and fourteen points would result in a "final warning." Kellogg would fire an employee if he accumulated sixteen disciplinary points in any twelve-month period, }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*548]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  once the progressive disciplinary steps had been exhausted.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 A. Richard Tabura}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Tabura's job on Shift A was to measure spices. He annually earned 160 hours of paid time off (vacation and sick/personal days), which would cover a little over thirteen of the twenty-six twelve-hour Saturday shifts he would have to work in a year. And if he timely informed Kellogg he was going to take off the other thirteen Saturdays without pay, Tabura would accumulate twenty-six disciplinary points in a twelve-month period, well over the sixteen points that would result in his termination.}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**6]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Tabura, therefore, had to find other qualified workers to swap shifts with him. Tabura was able to arrange only three shift swaps. But those employees either were not qualified to do Tabura's job, or vice versa, so he could not continue swapping with them. When Tabura amassed seventeen disciplinary points in a twelve-month period\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 many for not working on his Sabbath, but a few for other reasons\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and after exhausting the progressive disciplinary steps, Kellogg fired Tabura in March 2012, a year after Kellogg went to "continuous crewing."}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 B. Guadalupe Diaz}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Diaz worked on Shift A placing frozen vegetarian burgers in bags and conducting quality control. She earned 200 hours of paid time off each year (vacation and sick/personal days), which would almost cover seventeen of the twenty-six Saturdays she had to work each year.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B98E9719-5EAA-408F-A8E4-604ED501EEBB"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super 1}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  And if she timely informed Kellogg that she was going to take the remaining nine Saturdays off without pay, Diaz would accumulate eighteen disciplinary points within a twelve-month period, just over the sixteen points for which Kellogg would fire her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 When Kellogg first went to "continuous crewing," Diaz arranged to swap her Saturday shifts for the Sunday shifts assigned}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**7]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  to another employee who observed the Sabbath on Sunday. That worked well for several months until the other employee left Kellogg. After that, Diaz spoke to several other employees about swapping shifts, without luck. At one point, she was able to arrange for another employee to cover her shift for a single Saturday.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Diaz refused to use her vacation and paid time off in order to avoid working on Saturdays. She chose, instead, to use her vacation time to visit her gravely ill sister, and to save her sick time for when she was ill. After Diaz accumulated more than sixteen disciplinary points for missing Saturday shifts, and after she exhausted the progressive discipline steps, Kellogg fired Diaz in May 2012.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 C. This litigation}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Plaintiffs sued Kellogg under Title VII, }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C. \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u167\'A7\u167\'A7 2000e through 2000e-17}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , asserting three claims for relief: 1) disparate treatment based on religion; 2) failure to accommodate Plaintiffs' Sabbath observance; and 3) retaliation. The parties filed cross-motions for summary judgment. The district court denied Plaintiffs' motion and granted Kellogg summary judgment on each of these three claims. On appeal, Plaintiffs challenge the district court's rulings only as to their failure-to-accommodate claim.}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**8]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  They argue that the district court erred both in granting Kellogg summary judgment on that claim and in denying Plaintiffs summary judgment.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://AF22063F-7F12-499F-BAA8-C984F4C81353"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super 2}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  As explained }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*549]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  below, we conclude that neither side is entitled to summary judgment.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 II. STANDARD OF REVIEW}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 This court reviews the district court's summary judgment decisions de novo. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Owings v. United of Omaha Life Ins. Co., 873 F.3d 1206, 1212 (10th Cir. 2017)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . A court "shall grant summary judgment if the movant shows that there is no genuine dispute as to any material fact and the movant is entitled to judgment as a matter of law." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Fed. R. Civ. P. 56(a)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . "Where, as here, we are presented with cross-motions for summary judgment, we must view each motion separately, in the light most favorable to the non-moving party, and draw all reasonable inferences in that party's favor." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Fox v. Transam Leasing, Inc., 839 F.3d 1209, 1213 (10th Cir. 2016)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (internal quotation marks omitted).}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 III. DISCUSSION}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Title VII makes it "unlawful . . . for an employer . . . to fail or refuse to hire or to discharge any individual, or otherwise to discriminate against any individual with respect to his compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment, because of such individual's . . . religion . . . ." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C. \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e-2(a)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . "The term 'religion' includes all aspects of religious observance and practice, as well as belief, unless an employer}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**9]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  demonstrates that he is unable to reasonably accommodate . . . an employee's or prospective employee's religious observance or practice without undue hardship on the conduct of the employer's business." }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Id.}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e(j)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Title VII, thus, }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 requires}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  that "an employer, short of 'undue hardship,' make 'reasonable accommodations' to the religious needs of its employees." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Trans World Airlines, Inc. v. Hardison, 432 U.S. 63, 66, 97 S. Ct. 2264, 53 L. Ed. 2d 113 (1977)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  ("}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 TWA}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ").}{\f1\fs24\super 3}{\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=EEOC v. Abercrombie & Fitch Stores, Inc., 135 S. Ct. 2028, 2031-32, 192 L. Ed. 2d 35 (2015\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://CD842FC8-9902-44CB-9E9F-3A5CEFF692D1"}{\fldrslt\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The questions presented here, then, are whether Kellogg reasonably accommodated Plaintiffs' religious practice of not working on their Sabbath and, if not, whether Kellogg could have done so without undue hardship to its business. A version of the }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 McDonnell Douglas}{\f1\fs24\super 4}{\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=McDonnell Douglas Corp. v. Green, 411 U.S. 792, 93 S. Ct. 1817, 36 L. Ed. 2d 668 (1973\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3A29F650-17BC-4D2C-A8AA-A563049052B1"}{\fldrslt\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  burden-shifting analysis aids us in addressing these questions. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Thomas v. Nat'l Ass'n of Letter Carriers, 225 F.3d 1149, 1155-56 n.6 (10th Cir. 2000)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . At the first step of that analysis, it is the employee's burden to establish a prima facie claim by showing that 1) the employee has a bona fide religious belief that conflicts with a job requirement, 2) the employee informed the employer of this conflict; and 3) the employer fired the employee for failing to comply with the job requirement. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 id. at 1155}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . The parties do not challenge this rendition of a prima facie failure-to-accommodate claim.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Here, Kellogg assumed, for purposes of summary judgment,}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**10]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  that Plaintiffs each made a prima facie failure-to-accommodate claim: 1) Each Plaintiff has a bona fide religious practice\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 observing the Sabbath by refraining from work, beginning on Friday at sundown through sundown on Saturday\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that conflicted with Kellogg's requirement that its production employees }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*550]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  work every other Saturday; 2) each Plaintiff informed Kellogg of this conflict; and 3) Kellogg fired Plaintiffs for failing to work their scheduled Saturday shifts.}{\f1\fs24\super 5}{\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=Baker v. Home Depot, 445 F.3d 541, 546 (2d Cir. 2006)Cooper v. Oak Rubber Co., 15 F.3d 1375, 1379 n.1 (6th Cir. 1994\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://873AC0E8-099C-4D46-A78D-C9EF674FAA26"}{\fldrslt\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  The district court accepted Kellogg's limited concession, for summary judgment purposes, that each Plaintiff established a prima facie claim; we do, too, for purposes of this appeal. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Lee v. ABF Freight Sys., Inc., 22 F.3d 1019, 1022 (10th Cir. 1994)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The burden then shifted to Kellogg 1) to rebut an element of Plaintiffs' prima facie claims; 2) to show that it provided a reasonable accommodation for Plaintiffs' religious practice; or 3) to show that it could not offer a reasonable accommodation without undue hardship. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Thomas, 225 F.3d at 1156}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . In granting Kellogg summary judgment, the district court concluded, as a matter of law, that Kellogg reasonably accommodated Plaintiffs' Sabbath observance and, alternatively, that Kellogg would incur an undue hardship if it further accommodated their religious}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**11]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  practice. We disagree on both counts.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 A. Reasonable accommodation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 1. Relevant law}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 a. Reasonableness of an accommodation}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Title VII requires that "an employer, short of 'undue hardship,' make 'reasonable accommodations' to the religious needs of its employees." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 TWA, 432 U.S. at 66}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . "Accommodate . . . means . . . allowing the plaintiff to engage in her religious practice despite the employer's normal rules to the contrary." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Abercrombie & Fitch, 135 S. Ct. at 2032 n.2}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 see also }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf1 US Airways v. Barnett}{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 , 535 U.S. 391, 400, 122 S. Ct. 1516, 152 L. Ed. 2d 589 (2002)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (}{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Americans with Disabilities Act}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  ("ADA") case).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 In this case, an accommodation will not be reasonable if it only provides Plaintiffs an opportunity to avoid working on some, but not all, Saturdays. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Ansonia Bd. of Educ. v. Philbrook, 479 U.S. 60, 70, 107 S. Ct. 367, 93 L. Ed. 2d 305 (1986)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Nor would it be reasonable if Kellogg only provided Plaintiffs with an opportunity to delay their eventual termination. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 id. at 70-71}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 see also }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Pinsker v. Joint Dist. No. 28J of Pinsker, 735 F.2d 388, 390-91 (10th Cir. 1984)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (upholding trial court's finding that employer's leave policy reasonably accommodated employee's need not to work on several holy days where the policy "jeopardized neither [the employee's] job nor his observation of religious holidays").}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 On the other hand, to be reasonable, an accommodation need not provide a "total" accommodation; that is, Kellogg is not required to guarantee Plaintiffs will never be scheduled}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**12]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  for a Saturday shift, nor is Kellogg required to provide an accommodation "that spares the employee any cost whatsoever," }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Pinsker, 735 F.2d at }{\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \~[*551]\~}{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2  390-91}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 see also }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Brener v. Diagnostic Ctr. Hosp., 671 F.2d 141, 145-46 n.3 (5th Cir. 1982)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (holding that, although "[o]f course, an employee is not required to modify his religious beliefs," "[a] reasonable accommodation need not be on the employee's terms, only").}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 "[A]ny reasonable accommodation by the employer is sufficient to meet its accommodation obligation." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Ansonia, 479 U.S. at 68}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . An employee is not entitled to the accommodation of his choice. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Id.}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Once the employer has provided a reasonable accommodation, it "need not further show that each of the employee's alternative accommodations would result in undue hardship." }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Id.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 b. Inapplicable or unhelpful tests proposed by the parties}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Plaintiffs and Amicus EEOC attempt to engraft additional broad rules that would complicate this otherwise straightforward case-specific analysis. We decline to adopt their proffered per se rules, at least in the factual context of this case. Nor do we agree with Plaintiffs and the EEOC that the Supreme Court has, in }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Abercrombie & Fitch}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , changed the straightforward statutory analysis called for here.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 i. Analyzing whether a reasonable accommodation is a "complete" or "total" accommodation\~[**13]\~ is not helpful here}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Plaintiffs and Amicus EEOC first invite this circuit to adopt a per se rule, which they contend several other circuits already employ, requiring that, to be reasonable, an accommodation must "eliminate" the conflict between the employee's religious practice and his work requirements. At times, Plaintiffs add adjectives, arguing an accommodation must "actually" or "totally" or "fully and completely" eliminate a conflict. (Aplt. App. 88-90, 93, 335; Aplt. Br. 34, 39.) But Title VII expressly requires only that an employer "reasonably accommodate" an employee's religion, }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C. \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e(j)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 EEOC v. Firestone Fibers & Textiles Co., 515 F.3d 307, 313 (4th Cir. 2008)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (rejecting argument that Title VII requires employer "to totally accommodate" employee's religious practices). Determining what is reasonable is a fact-specific determination that must be made on a case-by-case basis, }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Thomas, 225 F.3d at 1157 n.8}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Plaintiffs' absolute rule would read "reasonably" out of the statute. Adopting a per se "elimination" rule that applies across all circumstances is not helpful to determining whether an accommodation is reasonable. Instead it unnecessarily complicates the question of reasonableness and begs additional questions, including what is meant by "eliminate" or "totally" eliminate or}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**14]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  "completely" eliminate.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 This total elimination idea stems from general language in }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Ansonia}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  indicating that an accommodation that "eliminates the conflict between employment requirements and religious practices" would be reasonable. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 479 U.S. at 70}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}{\f1\fs24\super 6}{\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=EEOC v. Tricore Reference Labs., 849 F.3d 929, 939 (10th Cir. 2017\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://F3459875-440C-415A-9C09-4E8AADC48A6B"}{\fldrslt\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  The Court, however, in }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Ansonia}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  did not hold the reciprocal, that an accommodation could never be reasonable if it failed totally and under every conceivable fact scenario to eliminate every conflict or all tension between reasonable work requirements and religious observation. In fact, few }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*552]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  things in life can be conflict-free and Title VII requires only a reasonable accommodation between religion and employment obligations. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Sturgill v. United Parcel Serv., Inc., 512 F.3d 1024, 1030-31 (8th Cir. 2008)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}{\f1\fs24\super 7}{\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=512 F.3d at 1030S\loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u225\'E1nchez-Rodr\u237\'EDguez v. AT&T Mobility P.R., Inc., 673 F.3d 1, 12 (1st Cir. 2012)Firestone Fibers & Textiles, 515 F.3d at \\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://4EDBA167-F72B-4875-B246-5D74DA1A25F4"}{\fldrslt\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 313}}{\f1\fs24\super  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Furthermore, the Supreme Court in }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Ansonia}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  did not require an accommodation to be without cost to the employee. In }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Ansonia}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , an employee needed six days off for religious observance. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 479 U.S. at 62-63}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . The governing collective bargaining agreement provided employees with three paid days off for religious observance, but prohibited an employee from using other paid time off for religious reasons. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Id. at 63-64}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . The Supreme Court ultimately remanded that case for further factual inquiry into whether the employer's accommodation was reasonable.}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**15]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Id. at 66, 70}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . In doing so, however, the Court importantly noted that the employer's policy of requiring an employee}
\par\pard\plain \li400\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 to take unpaid leave for holy day observance that exceeded the amount allowed by the collective-bargaining agreement, would generally be a reasonable one. In enacting [}{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 42 U.S.C. \loch\af5\hich\af5\dbch\af5\uc1\u167\'A7 2000e(j)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ], Congress was understandably motivated by a desire to assure the individual additional opportunity to observe religious practices, but it did not impose a duty on the employer to accommodate at all costs. [}{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 TWA], 432 U.S. 63 . . . (1977)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . The provision of unpaid leave }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 eliminates}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  the conflict between employment requirements and religious practices by allowing the individual to observe fully religious holy days and requires him only to give up compensation for a day that he did not in fact work. Generally speaking, "[t]he direct effect of [unpaid leave] is merely a loss of income for the period the employee is not at work; such an exclusion has no direct effect upon either employment opportunities or job status." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Nashville Gas Co. v. Satty, 434 U.S. 136, 145, 98 S. Ct. 347, 54 L. Ed. 2d 356 . . . (1977)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Ansonia, 479 U.S. at 70-71}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (emphasis added; citing }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 TWA, 432 U.S. 63}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ).}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Several circuits have applied this "elimination" language in a specialized context where an employee had }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 two}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  religious practices that conflicted with his job requirements, but the employer attempted to accommodate}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**16]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  only one of those two practices. For example, in }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Smith v. Pyro Mining Co.}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , the Sixth Circuit held that, while the employer attempted to accommodate its employee's religious practice of not working on the Sabbath, by permitting the employee to ask others to trade shifts, the employer did not attempt to accommodate the employee's second conflict, his religious belief that it is a sin to ask others to work on the Sabbath. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 827 F.2d 1081, 1088 (6th Cir. 1987)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Thus, the Sixth Circuit concluded the employer's attempted accommodation in that case failed to eliminate both conflicts. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Id.}{\f1\fs24\super 8}{\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=Baker v. Home Depot, Inc., 445 F.3d 541, 547-48 (2d Cir. 2006)Cooper, 15 F.3d at 1379 (6th Cir.)EEOC v. Universal Mfg. Corp., 914 F.2d 71, 73-74 (5th Cir. 1990\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://DE038823-B1C6-4CA2-8D33-AD1D38075DF0"}{\fldrslt\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  References }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*553]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  to "eliminate," as well as "partial" or "incomplete" accommodations make sense in the situations addressed by these cases, but that is not the situation here, where Plaintiffs have only a single conflict.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Some cases invoking the "elimination" language do so in the unremarkable situation where the accommodation does eliminate the conflict.}{\f1\fs24\super 9}{\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=Porter v. City of Chi., 700 F.3d 944, 951-53 (7th Cir. 2012)Rodriguez v. Chi., 156 F.3d 771, 775-76 (7th Cir. 1998\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://457503A9-2A81-417E-94D6-12B17DD221F1"}{\fldrslt\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  In }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Cosme v. Henderson}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , on the other hand, the Second Circuit held that "to be reasonable" under Title VII "the proposed accommodation had to have eliminated the conflict." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 287 F.3d 152, 159 (2d Cir. 2002)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Even so, the Second Circuit went on to consider whether other factors, nevertheless, would make unreasonable an accommodation}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**17]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  that eliminated the conflict. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Id. at 159-60}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (ultimately upholding district court's finding, made after bench trial, that employer reasonably accommodated employee's Sabbath observance). Still other courts simply invoke }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Ansonia}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 's language that a reasonable accommodation eliminates the conflict, generally and without further elaboration, and then consider more specifically, as we do here, whether the accommodation at issue was reasonable under the circumstances of that particular case, without further applying the term "eliminate."}{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=Walden v. Ctrs. for Disease Control & Prevention, 669 F.3d 1277, 1293 (11th Cir. 2012)Morrissette-Brown v. Mobile Infirmary Med. Ctr., 506 F.3d 1317, 1318, 1320-24 (11th Cir. 2007)Wright v. Runyon, 2 F.3d 214, 217 (7th Cir. 1993\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D7188B3F-19F7-446A-AFAA-3907E6DBE96F"}{\fldrslt\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super 0 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 In sum, courts applying language indicating that, to be reasonable, an accommodation must "eliminate" a conflict have done so in different ways. Further, in most cases it is not clear that these courts reached any different result than if they simply considered whether the accommodation was reasonable. In }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 EEOC v. Ilona of Hungary, Inc.}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , for example, the Seventh Circuit held that offering Jewish employees another day off instead of allowing them to take off Yom Kippur was not a reasonable accommodation "because it does not eliminate the conflict between the employment requirement and the religious practice." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 108 F.3d 1569, 1576 (7th Cir. 1996)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . We doubt if that case would have come out differently}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**18]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  if the court simply considered whether the employer's proffered accommodation was reasonable.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 In any event, we see no need to adopt a per se rule requiring that an accommodation, to be reasonable, must eliminate, or totally eliminate, or completely eliminate, any conflict between an employee's religious practice and his work requirements. }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*554]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  The statute requires the accommodation to be reasonable and ultimately the question of whether an accommodation is reasonable must be made on a case-by-case basis, grounded on the specific facts presented by a particular situation. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Thomas, 225 F.3d at 1157 n.8}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 United States v. City of Albuquerque, 545 F.2d 110, 115 (10th Cir. 1976)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Further gloss on that statutory requirement adds only confusion and complexity rather than clarity.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 ii. A neutral employment policy may satisfy the need for a reasonable accommodation}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Plaintiffs and Amicus EEOC further suggest another per se rule, that Kellogg cannot accommodate their religious observance only through a neutral policy; that is, by the same policies available to any employee who wanted to take a day off for any reason. In making this argument, Plaintiffs and the EEOC rely on language from }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Abercrombie & Fitch}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . But the language on which they rely does not support such a per se rule.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 As an initial matter,}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**19]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Abercrombie & Fitch}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  addressed a different issue than we have here. In }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Abercrombie & Fitch}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , the issue was one of motivation\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 specifically, may an employer decline to hire an applicant when the employer is motivated to avoid the future need to accommodate that prospective employee's religious needs. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 135 S. Ct. at 2030-33}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Our case, by contrast, presents a question of the effectiveness of the accommodation presented by the employer. It is readily apparent that those are two different inquiries.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The EEOC and Plaintiffs focus on the following language from }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Abercrombie & Fitch}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 : After noting that, under Title VII, "religious practice is one of the protected characteristics that cannot be afforded disparate treatment and must be accommodated," the Supreme Court stated}
\par\pard\plain \li400\ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Nor does the statute limit disparate-treatment claims to only those employer policies that treat religious practices less favorably than similar secular practices. Abercrombie's argument that a neutral policy cannot constitute "intentional discrimination" may make sense in other contexts. But Title VII does not demand mere neutrality with regard to religious practices\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that they be treated no worse than other practices. Rather, it gives them favored}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**20]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  treatment, affirmatively obligating employers not "to fail or refuse to hire or discharge any individual . . . because of such individual's" "religious observance and practice." An employer is surely entitled to have, for example, a no-headwear policy as an ordinary matter. But when an applicant requires an accommodation as an "aspec[t] of religious . . . practice," it is no response that the subsequent "fail[ure] . . . to hire" was due to an otherwise-neutral policy. Title VII requires otherwise-neutral policies to give way to the need for an accommodation.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Id. at 2034}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 This is simply a summary that recognizes an employer cannot take refuge behind a neutral policy if something more is required reasonably to accommodate a religious need. An employer can, of course, meet its obligation to accommodate its employees' religious practice by using a neutral policy, so long as that policy reasonably accommodates the employee's religious needs. Nothing in Title VII requires the accommodation uniquely to target a religious concern. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 City of Albuquerque, 545 F.2d at 113-14}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (upholding district court's factual finding that fire department's "fairly liberal time off policy," which was available to any employee, reasonably accommodated fire fighter's}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**21]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  weekly Sabbath observance). But, on the other hand, if a general policy does not }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*555]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  amount to a reasonable accommodation of the employee's religious needs, then merely having a neutral employment policy will not absolve the employer of its Title VII obligation reasonably to accommodate its employee's religious practices (short of an undue hardship). }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf1 Barnett}{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 , 535 U.S. at 397-98}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (addressing reasonable accommodation under the ADA). "Were that not so, the 'reasonable accommodation' [requirement] could not accomplish its intended objective." }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Id.; see also }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Abercrombie & Fitch, 135 S. Ct. at 2034}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  ("Title VII requires otherwise-neutral policies to give way to the need for an accommodation.").}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 2. Applying this relevant law to this case}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 We turn, then, to the specific circumstances at issue here, asking, as Title VII directs, whether Kellogg reasonably accommodated Plaintiffs' conflict between observing the Sabbath and their work schedules. Kellogg sought to accommodate Plaintiffs' Sabbath observance through a combination of allowing them to use their vacation and other paid time off, as well as permitting Plaintiffs to swap shifts with other employees. Such a combination might, under the facts of a particular case, reasonably accommodate an employee's Sabbath}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**22]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  observance. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Thomas, 225 F.3d at 1156-57}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 City of Albuquerque, 545 F.2d at 113-14}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . But whether an accommodation is reasonable in a given circumstance is ordinarily a question of fact to be decided by the fact finder. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 City of Albuquerque, 545 F.2d at 114-15}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Williams v. S. Union Gas Co., 529 F.2d 483, 488 (10th Cir. 1976)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . That is the case here.}{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=City of AlbuquerqueThomas545 F.2d at 111, 113-14225 F.3d at 1156id. at 1156-57TWA, 432 U.S. at 83 n.\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://B1B9CB61-F73F-47C6-BB5D-9CD252FA6892"}{\fldrslt\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 14}}{\f1\fs24\super 1 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Subject to a reasonableness analysis, an employee may be required to use vacation or other paid time off to avoid conflict with religious obligations. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 City of Albuquerque, 545 F.2d at 113-14 (10th Cir.)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Here, however, even if Plaintiffs used all of their vacation and other paid time off, that would still have been insufficient to avoid working some scheduled Saturdays, even when considered along with accruing disciplinary points short of termination. Kellogg, of course, also permitted Plaintiffs to swap shifts with others to avoid working their Sabbath. The reasonableness of the shift-swapping accommodation, however, as well as the reasonableness of the combination of taking paid time off and swapping shifts, are critical disputed issues of material fact in this case that a jury must resolve.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Those disputes are, in part, informed by the disputed facts surrounding the difficulty Plaintiffs had in arranging voluntary swaps with other, qualified employees in }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*556]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  the context}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**23]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  of Kellogg's "continuous crewing" employment practice. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 McGuire v. Gen. Motors Corp., 956 F.2d 607, 608-10 (6th Cir. 1992)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (reversing summary judgment and remanding for trial on question of whether employer's accommodation, that permitted employee to swap shifts in order to avoid working on his Sabbath, was reasonable in light of demonstrated difficulty employee had in arranging such voluntary shift swaps).}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 There is evidence indicating that the universe of qualified employees with whom each Plaintiff could swap shifts was quite limited. Plaintiffs could not swap shifts with anyone on Shift C. Kellogg's management further acknowledged it would have been "challenging" for Plaintiffs to swap with anyone on the other night shift, D Shift. (Aplt. App. 971.) (In fact, Tabura testified that his supervisor told Tabura that he could not swap with D Shift workers.) That left B Shift.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Tabura went to the plant during B Shift and sought to trade shifts with those workers and further asked Shift B supervisors if they knew of any employees who might be willing to swap shifts. But there were only approximately twelve to fifteen processing employees, like Tabura, on a shift. Furthermore, processing workers were not trained and qualified to perform all processing}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**24]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  jobs. To become qualified to perform a particular job, an employee had to apply, be selected, and then study and train for two to four weeks before passing a test. Tabura identified three qualified spice room technicians that he asked to trade shifts; they each usually declined. Tabura was able to arrange a total of three swaps, but it turned out he was unable to do the jobs of two of those three swapping employees.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 As for Diaz, there were similarly only about twelve to fifteen packaging employees like her on a shift. Those employees, too, had to be trained and certified for their particular jobs and were not cross-trained on every packaging job. Diaz testified that she knew of four employees who were qualified to do her job, but only two were on shifts other than hers. As soon as Kellogg announced it was going to go to "continuous crewing," Diaz arranged to swap shifts with one of those four qualified employees\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 the Shift B employee who observed the Sabbath on Sundays\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 until that employee left the company. Other than those swaps, however, Diaz was only able to arrange for another worker to cover one other Saturday for her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 There is also disputed evidence as to how helpful Kellogg was}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**25]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  in facilitating these swap arrangements. For example, Plaintiffs' immediate supervisor Dean Shirra indicated that he gave Tabura several names of employees Tabura could speak with about trading shifts, but Shirra did not recall when he gave Tabura those names or how many names he gave Tabura. Moreover, Tabura testified that he had already asked all of the people Shirra listed as possible swaps, without success, and when he explained that to Shirra, the supervisor offered no further help. Diaz, too, testified that the only name Shirra gave her to ask about swapping shifts was someone she had already asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Although, under the undisputed facts presented in }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 Thomas}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , we rejected the argument that the employer in that case "should have provided more active assistance in helping [the employee] locate a 'voluntary permanent swap' for Saturdays," we also recognized that there may be facts present in a given case that could "require an employer to take a more active role in securing a voluntary swap for the employee." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 225 F.3d at 1156-57 n.8}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . On the record here, we think a jury could find that, in light of the difficulties Plaintiffs had in arranging shift swaps in }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*557]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  this case, Kellogg had to take a more active role}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**26]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  in helping arrange swaps in order for that to be a reasonable accommodation of Plaintiffs' Sabbath observance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, an employee has a duty to cooperate with his employer's attempts to accommodate the employee's religious practices. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Toledo v. Nobel-Sysco, Inc., 892 F.2d 1481, 1488 (10th Cir. 1989)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (citing }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Ansonia, 479 U.S. at 69}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ); }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 see also }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Lee 22 F.3d at 1022}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . As to that question, too, there remain genuinely disputed issues of material fact. Kellogg contends, for example, that Plaintiffs really made no effort to use the accommodations Kellogg offered them. But Plaintiffs provided evidence that they did make some attempts, for example, to seek out approvable shift swaps. A jury will have to decide to what extent Plaintiffs attempted to use the accommodations Kellogg provided and whether any such efforts satisfied Plaintiffs' reasonable duty to cooperate. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Beadle v. Hillsborough Cnty. Sheriff's Dep't, 29 F.3d 589, 593 (11th Cir. 1994)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (upholding factual finding, after trial, that the employee "failed to take full advantage" of the shift-swapping accommodation offered by the employer); }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Brener, 671 F.2d at 143, 145 (5th Cir.)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (upholding trial court's factual finding that employee "made only haphazard efforts to arrange schedule trades," which was one of the accommodations the employer provided to permit the employee to observe his Sabbath and religious holy days); }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 McGuire, 956 F.2d at 610 (6th Cir.)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (reversing summary judgment for}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**27]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  employer and remanding for trial in part on disputed fact question of whether employee failed to seek voluntary swaps, which were part of the accommodation his employer provided).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The above recitation makes it clear that in this case there are a multitude of genuinely disputed material facts regarding whether Kellogg reasonably accommodated Plaintiffs' Sabbath observance.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://A40373A0-DE7C-48E3-9D59-47C30E40A262"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super 1}}{\f1\fs24\super 2 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  In light of that, neither Kellogg nor Plaintiffs are entitled to summary judgment on this defense.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 B. Undue hardship}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Kellogg also pled the affirmative defense that any additional accommodation of Plaintiffs' Sabbath observance would cause undue hardship to Kellogg's business. The district court alternatively granted Kellogg summary judgment on that defense. An employer incurs an undue hardship if it must "bear more than a de minimis cost in order to give [an employee] Saturdays off" to observe his Sabbath. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 TWA, 432 U.S. at 84}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . "Any cost in efficiency or wage expenditure that is more than de minimis constitutes undue hardship. The cost of hiring an additional worker or the loss of production that results from not replacing a worker who is }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*558]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  unavailable due to a religious conflict can amount to undue hardship." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Lee, 22 F.3d at 1023}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (internal quotation marks,}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**28]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  citation omitted); }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 see also }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 TWA, 432 U.S. at 84}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . It is the employer's burden to show that it cannot offer a reasonable accommodation without undue hardship. }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Thomas, 225 F.3d at 1156}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Whether an employer will incur an undue hardship is a fact question, }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 see }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Williams, 529 F.2d at 488}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , that turns on "the particular factual context of each case," }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Toledo, 892 F.2d at 1490}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (internal quotation marks omitted).}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Here, we have several concerns about upholding summary judgment for Kellogg on its undue-hardship defense. First and foremost, while Kellogg pled that affirmative defense, Kellogg did not move for summary judgment on it. Even so, the district court can grant summary judgment on that basis if the court first gives the parties "notice and a reasonable time to respond." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Fed. R. Civ. P. 56(f)(2)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . But the court did not give notice in this case. The parties, therefore, were not on notice to put forth all of their evidence pertaining to Kellogg's undue-hardship defense. Plaintiffs, in moving for summary judgment, did address the undue-hardship question to some extent, proffering ways Kellogg might have accommodated them without apparent undue hardship. But they did so expressly in light of the fact that, at trial, it was Kellogg who would bear the burden of proving its undue-hardship defense. Kellogg,}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**29]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  for its part, in opposing summary judgment for Plaintiffs, asserted only that "several of Plaintiffs' proposed alternative accommodations would create significant burdens on the company in the form of unauthorized overtime, quality control issues, and even forcing entire lines to shut down." (Aplt. App. 254.) Kellogg did not otherwise cite to any evidence to support its assertions. The parties, therefore, did not put forth all of their evidence on Kellogg's undue-hardship defense. Given these concerns, summary judgment was not warranted for either side on the record before us.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 IV. CONCLUSION}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Plaintiffs' religious practice of weekly observing the Sabbath by refraining from work from sundown Friday through sunset Saturday conflicted with Kellogg's requirement that its production employees work every other Saturday. Title VII required Kellogg reasonably to accommodate Plaintiffs' religious practice, if Kellogg could do so without incurring undue hardship to its business. Whether Kellogg reasonably accommodated Plaintiffs' Sabbath observance and, if not, whether Kellogg could do so without undue hardship, must await further proceedings. We, therefore, REVERSE the district court's decision}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**30]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  granting Kellogg summary judgment on Plaintiffs' failure-to-accommodate claims and REMAND for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f3\fs16\b1\cf5 End of Document}
\par\plain \f0\fs24}