{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1675\tx2160\li2160\fi-500\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 1.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Although Capital Boost\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s restricted prayer times is likely a reasonable restriction, the offering of the boiler room as the only location to pray is more likely than not unreasonable.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A reasonable accommodation requires that the employee is given the ability to fulfill their religious duties and practices. However, this accommodation does have to be a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93total\u8221\'94 accommodation, nor must it be the preferred option for the employee }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Tabura v. Kellogg USA}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , 880 F.3d 544, 550 (10th Cir. 2018). The court appears to define reasonable as an accommodation that, at a minimum, allows the employee the opportunity to fully resolve the conflict by their own reasonable efforts. If the employee would be unable to resolve the conflict between religious duties and  work duties, it is not reasonable (CITATION). However, if the employee is unable to present evidence to show continuing conflicts exist, then an employer meets its obligation even with minimal accommodation  }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 TWA v. Hardison}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , 432 U.S. 63, 80 (1977).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The controlling case for this is }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Tabura v. Kellogg USA}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , in which two Seventh Day Adventists had been accommodated by their employer by allowing the pair to swap shift or used paid time off to avoid working on otherwise mandatory Saturday shifts. The court reversed a summary judgment ruling in favor of Kellogg as it determined that the the reasonableness of the accommodation need be determined by a jury. The issue of fact in contention was not if Kellogg had completely eliminated the conflict in duties, but rather, if the employees were able to exercise reasonable effort to eliminate the issue through their own bargaining. In TWA v. Hardison, 432 U.S. 63 (1977) the court held that even though the employee was still scheduled for shifts that conflicted with his religious duties, and additionally had proposed alternative accommodations, the employer was not obligated alter their accommodation. Not only did many of the employees solutions impose an undue burden (under the pre-groff standard). But the court in particular found the initial accommodation did eliminate the conflict. Finding that  voluntary shift swaps, gave Hardison a meaningful opportunity to avoid Sabbath work  leaving remaining conflicts to be resolved by himself was sufficient }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Hardison}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , 432 U.S. at 77\endash 78, 84.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 When applied to these facts, Capital Boost\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s accommodation of Barat\u8217\'92s prayer timing is likely reasonable. As in }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Toledo}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , scheduling adjustments that merely enable the employee to resolve conflicting duties on their own fits the criteria. Permitting prayers during standard breaks while requiring them outside mandatory meetings imposes no substantial burden; neither restriction prevents Barat, with reasonable effort, from fulfilling his five daily prayers within the workday. However, limiting the location of the prayer to the boiler room may result in conflicts Barat can prove to be insurmountable. }}