{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Aptos;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Umbrella:}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, employers must reasonably accommodate an employee\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sincerely held religious beliefs or practices unless doing so would impose an \u8220\'93undue hardship on the conduct of the employer\u8217\'92s business.\u8221\'94 42 U.S.C. \u167\'A7 2000e(j). }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Trans World Airlines, Inc. v. Hardison, }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 432 U.S. 63 (1977) has been the most controlling case over this, which allowed employers to deny accommodations that imposed \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93more than a de minimis cost.\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1 Id.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  at 84. This low threshold favored employers and made the proving of an undue hardship straight-forward. However, with }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Groff v. DeJoy, }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 600 U.S. 447 (2023), the Supreme Court clarified from Hardison\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93de minimis\u8221\'94 standard, stating instead that Title VII requires that: \u8220\'93An employer must show that the burden of granting an accommodation would result in substantial increased costs in relation to the conduct of its particular business.\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1 Id.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  at 460. This increased standard demands a more in-depth, fact-based inquiry into the actual impact of accommodation, rather than more-than-minor costs. A \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93reasonable accommodation\u8221\'94 under Title VII is one that effectively resolves the conflict between an employee\u8217\'92s religious practice and workplace requirements, even if it is not the employee\u8217\'92s preferred solution. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Ansonia Bd. of Educ. v. Philbrook,}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  479 U.S. 60, 70 (1986). The employer meets its obligation if the offered accommodation allows the employee to practice their religion without requiring the employer to bear a substantial burden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The sections that follow address two issues: first, whether Capital Boost provided reasonable accommodation and whether Barat adequately engaged in that process; additionally, whether Capital Boost can establish undue hardship based on operational disruptions and coworker burdens.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A1:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A2:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 B1:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 B2:}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}