{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\fi-500\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\fi-500\li1440\lin1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f2\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\fi-500\li2160\lin2160}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1675\tx2160\li2160\fi-500\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl2{\listtext	\f2\fs28\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 1.	}{\f1\fs28\b0\ul\ulc0 <$Scr_Ps::0>It is More Likely Than not Not that Further Accommodation Would Have placed an Undue Burden on Capital Boost Due to the Financial Strain the Company was Under at the Time.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs28\b0\ul\ulc0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>An employer establishes undue hardship when the requested accommodation would result in substantial increased costs or substantial burdens, }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0 assessed in the overall context of the employers capacity}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Groff v. DeJoy}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0 , 600 U.S. 447 (2023). }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Groff}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0  clarified that the standard is higher than the prior \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93more than de minimis cost\u8221\'94 calculation derived from the }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Trans World Airlines, Inc. v. Hardison}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0 , 432 U.S. 63, 84 (1977) decision; however the factors to evaluate the standard, including b}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0 urdens of  premium wages, the hiring of additional personnel, forced assignments of overtime or additional shifts, or violations of established labor agreements all remain as potential factors in determining the standard }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Id}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0  at 82; Groff, 600 U.S. at 471; }{\f1\fs28 Lee v. ABF Freight Sys., Inc., 22 F.3d 1019, 1023\endash 24 (10th Cir. 1994).  }{\f1\fs28\ul\ulc0 Trans World Airlines, Inc. v. Hardison}{\f1\fs28 , 432 U.S. 63 (1977), a case that }{\f1\fs28\ul\ulc0 Groff}{\f1\fs28  directly reaffirms }{\f1\fs28\ul\ulc0 Id}{\f1\fs28  at 467,}{\f1\fs28  found undue hardship where accommodating a Sabbath observer would have required TWA either to pay premium overtime wages or violate codified employee senority systems. Id. at }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Hardison}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0 , 432 U.S. at 84.}{\f1\fs28  Lee v. ABF Freight System, Inc., 22 F.3d 1019 (10th Cir. 1994), binding in this Circuit, held that requiring an employer to hire an additional driver or pay regular overtime to cover one employee\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s religious absences constituted undue hardship. }{\f1\fs28\ul\ulc0 Id.}{\f1\fs28  at 1023\endash 24. Because }{\f1\fs28\i0\ul\ulc0 Lee}{\f1\fs28\i0  }{\f1\fs28 identifies precisely the type of concrete economic and staffing burdens that }{\f1\fs28\ul\ulc0 Groff}{\f1\fs28  confirmed are \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93substantial,\u8221\'94 it remains fully authoritative.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Applying this to the facts at hand, Capital Boost should have a viable argument that further accommodations  that were either readily apparent or previously implemented would have imposed similar substantial operational and economic burdens that Groff, Hardison, and Lee recognize as undue hardship.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 Capital Boost small size, dropping revenues post-COVID, and  critical mandatory return-to-office polices that management deemed critical to survival. Barat\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s prayer routine left his phone uncovered for 60\endash 80 minutes each day, resulting in unanswered customer calls, lost sales opportunities to sell startup packages, and direct impairment of the company\u8217\'92s core revenue-generating function at the precise time it could least afford inefficiency. Covering those gaps would have required either hiring additional staff or paying overtime, both of which constitute substantial burdens on the conduct of the business. Groff, 600 U.S. at 470\endash 71; Hardison, 432 U.S. at 84; Lee, 22 F.3d at 1023\endash 24. Capital Boost therefore had a strong basis to find that continued accommodation of Barat\u8217\'92s preferred schedule would have imposed undue hardship on the business itself.}
\par\plain \f1\fs28\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}