{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldItalicMT;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-ItalicMT;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f7\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f8\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green119\blue204;\red118\green118\blue118;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 


\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\qr{\f1\fs20 Page  of }\cell{
\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414
\row}\pard

\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\sa200\sb60\qc{\f1\fs20 Christmon v. B&B Airparts, Inc.}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain 


\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx2103

\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx6220

\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\ql\f0\fs24\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\ql\f0\fs24\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\ri-1600\ql\f0\fs24\cell{
\trowd\trgaph108 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx2103

\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx6220

\clvertalc \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3 \cellx8414
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sa200\sb240\sl340\slmult0\qc\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 <$Scr_Ps::0>Christmon v. B&B Airparts, Inc.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\sl340\slmult0\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 May 24, 2018, Filed}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 No. 17-3209}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0\cf1 Reporter}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 735 Fed. Appx. 510\~*; 2018 U.S. App. LEXIS 13673\~**; 130 Fair Empl. Prac. Cas. (BNA) 1533; 2018 WL 2344628}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 JEROME A. CHRISTMON, Plaintiff - Appellant, v. B&B AIRPARTS, INC., Defendant - Appellee.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Notice:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~PLEASE REFER TO }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 FEDERAL RULES OF APPELLATE PROCEDURE RULE 32.1}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  GOVERNING THE CITATION TO UNPUBLISHED OPINIONS.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Subsequent History:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~US Supreme Court certiorari denied by }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Christmon v. B&B Airparts, Inc., 2018 U.S. LEXIS 6313 (U.S., Oct. 29, 2018)}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Prior History:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**1]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 D.C. No. 2:16-CV-02341-CM. (D. Kan.).}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Christmon v. B&B Airparts, Inc., 2017 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 140627 (D. Kan., Aug. 31, 2017)}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Case Summary}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-120\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Overview}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 HOLDINGS: [1]-In a former employee's religious discrimination case under }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , the district court did not err in considering a deposition transcript submitted by the employer. The employer filed the certification required by }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Fed. R. Civ. P. 30(f)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  when the employee raised the issue; [2]-The employee's claim failed because allowing the employee to skip mandatory Saturday overtime shifts after he explained his religious concern constituted a reasonable accommodation. The employer was not required to offer the employee his preferred accommodation of making up the overtime hours on Sunday.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Outcome}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Judgment affirmed.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 LexisNexis\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u174\'AE Headnotes}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-120\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~Appeals\~>\~Standards of Review\~>\~De Novo Review}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Appellate Review\~>\~Standards of Review}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN1}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Standards of Review, De Novo Review}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A court of appeals reviews de novo a district court's grant of summary judgment.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Entitlement as Matter of Law\~>\~Appropriateness}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Entitlement as Matter of Law\~>\~Genuine Disputes}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Entitlement as Matter of Law\~>\~Materiality of Facts}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Entitlement as Matter of Law\~>\~Legal Entitlement}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN2}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Entitlement as Matter of Law, Appropriateness}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Summary judgment is appropriate if the movant shows that there is no genuine dispute as to any material fact and the movant is entitled to judgment as a matter of law. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Fed. R. Civ. P. 56(a)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . In applying this standard, the court views the evidence and all reasonable inferences in the light most favorable to the nonmovant.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Methods of Discovery\~>\~Depositions\~>\~Oral Depositions}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN3}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Depositions, Oral Depositions}
\par\plain {\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Fed. R. Civ. P. 30(f)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  requires that deposition transcripts be accompanied by a certification that the witness was duly sworn and that the deposition accurately records the witness's testimony.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Opposing Materials\~>\~Accompanying Documentation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Methods of Discovery\~>\~Depositions\~>\~Oral Depositions}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Supporting Materials\~>\~Discovery Materials}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN4}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Opposing Materials, Accompanying Documentation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 D. Kan. R. 56.1(d) requires attachment of cited deposition excerpts without mention of the required certification.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Summary Judgment\~>\~Supporting Materials\~>\~Discovery Materials}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Civil Procedure\~>\~...\~>\~Methods of Discovery\~>\~Interrogatories\~>\~Purpose & Use of Interrogatories}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN5}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Supporting Materials, Discovery Materials}
\par\plain {\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Fed. R. Civ. P. 56}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  does not require a summary judgment movant to support its motion with interrogatory responses.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Burdens of Proof\~>\~Burden Shifting}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~Discrimination\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Discriminatory Employment Practices}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Burdens of Proof\~>\~Employee Burdens}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN6}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Burdens of Proof, Burden Shifting}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 A plaintiff bears the initial burden to show a prima facie case of religious discrimination for failure to accommodate. The plaintiff must show that he has a bona fide religious belief that conflicts with an employment requirement, informed the employer of this belief, and was fired for failure to comply with the conflicting employment requirement. If the plaintiff satisfies his burden, the burden will shift to the employer, which will need to conclusively rebut an element of the plaintiff's prima facie case, show the offering of a reasonable accommodation, or show an inability to reasonably accommodate the plaintiff's religious beliefs without undue hardship.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN7}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Defenses, Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Accommodate means allowing a plaintiff to engage in his religious practice despite the employer's normal rules to the contrary. But a reasonable accommodation does not necessarily spare an employee from any resulting cost. Thus, the accommodation may be reasonable even though it is not the one that the employee prefers.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li360\ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Labor & Employment Law\~>\~...\~>\~Religious Discrimination\~>\~Defenses\~>\~Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f4\fs28\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 HN8}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~Defenses, Reasonable Accommodation & Undue Hardship}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Unpaid leave eliminates a conflict between employment requirements and religious practices by allowing the individual to observe fully religious holy days and requires him only to give up compensation for a day that he did not in fact work.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Counsel:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~JEROME A. CHRISTMON, Plaintiff - Appellant, Pro se, Mulvane, KS.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb120\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 For B&B AIRPARTS, INC., Defendant - Appellee: Randall J. Pankratz, David J. Stucky, Adrian & Pankratz, Newton, KS; Jeremy Keith Schrag, Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith, Wichita, KS.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Judges:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~Before BRISCOE, HARTZ, and BACHARACH, Circuit Judges.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Opinion by:}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \~Robert E. Bacharach}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl340\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 Opinion}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-60\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sl-120\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*511]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 ORDER AND JUDGMENT}{\f1\fs24\super *}{\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=10th Cir. R. 34.1(G)\\end_Scrv_annot\}}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://36761DF8-B2F4-4B29-9BD5-5B68B7BEAEB3"}{\fldrslt\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 *}}{\f1\fs24\super  }
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Mr. Jerome Christmon sued his former employer (B&B Airparts, Inc.) under }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*512]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  claiming discrimination for failure to accommodate religious practices. Mr. Christmon is a Hebrew Israelite and regards Saturday as the Sabbath. Nonetheless, Mr. Christmon was required to work mandatory overtime shifts on some Saturdays. Because of his beliefs, Mr. Christmon asked to work his overtime hours on Sundays instead of Saturdays. B&B Airparts told Mr. Christmon that if he needed time off for religious reasons, he had to complete a "Request for Time Off form."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Mr. Christmon did not submit the form. Instead, he simply stopped coming to work when he was assigned Saturday shifts. B&B Airparts did not take any disciplinary action, and Mr. Christmon admits that he was not required to work on Saturdays.}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**2]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  But he remained dissatisfied because he lost the opportunity to earn overtime hours, which he would have kept if he had been assigned shifts on Sunday. Mr. Christmon was ultimately fired for violating B&B Airparts' sexual harassment policy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 After the firing, Mr. Christmon sued under Title VII, claiming that B&B Airparts had discriminated against him by failing to change his weekend shifts from Saturdays to Sundays. On this claim, the district court granted summary judgment to B&B Airparts, holding that it had provided a reasonable accommodation to Mr. Christmon.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Mr. Christmon appeals, arguing that the district court erred in granting summary judgment because}
\par\pard\plain \li400\ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  B&B Airparts had submitted an uncertified deposition transcript with the summary-judgment motion,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  B&B Airparts had failed to submit any interrogatory responses, and}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  the record had not shown a reasonable accommodation.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 We reject these arguments. B&B Airparts provided undisputed evidence that Mr. Christmon's deposition was certified, no obligation existed to support the summary-judgment motion with interrogatory responses, and B&B Airparts provided a reasonable accommodation by allowing Mr. Christmon to miss his Saturday shifts.}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**3]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  For these reasons, we affirm.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 I. Standard of Review}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 We review de novo the district court's grant of summary judgment. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Knopf v. Williams, 884 F.3d 939, 946 (10th Cir. 2018)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Summary judgment is appropriate "if the movant shows that there is no genuine dispute as to any material fact and the movant is entitled to judgment as a matter of law." }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Fed. R. Civ. P. 56(a)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . In applying this standard, we view the evidence and all reasonable inferences in the light most favorable to Mr. Christmon. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Knopf, 884 F.3d at 946}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 II. Evidentiary Issues}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Mr. Christmon argues that the district court erred by (1) relying on uncertified testimony from Mr. Christmon's deposition and (2) granting B&B Airparts' motion even though it had not been supported by interrogatory responses. Mr. Christmon's arguments fail because B&B Airparts (1) presented undisputed evidence that Mr. Christmon's deposition transcript had been certified and (2) was not required to support the motion with interrogatory responses.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*513]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 30(f)(1)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  requires that deposition transcripts be accompanied by a certification "that the witness was duly sworn and that the deposition accurately records the witness's testimony." Mr. Christmon argues that the district court could not consider his deposition testimony because B&B Airparts had filed a transcript lacking}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**4]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  the required certification.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 For this argument, Mr. Christmon relies on three opinions from the Southern District of Ohio: }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Moore v. Florida Bank of Commerce, 654 F. Supp. 38 (S.D. Ohio 1986)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Morphew v. Lawhon & Assocs., No. 2:10-cv-716, 2011 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 141518, 2011 WL 6122638 (S.D. Ohio Dec. 8, 2011)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 , and }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Soliday v. Miami Cty., No. C-3-91-153, 1993 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 21311, 1993 WL 1377511 (S.D. Ohio Nov. 22, 1993)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Reliance on these opinions is misguided because in these cases, the parties relying on the deposition testimony failed to provide the court with a deposition certification. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Moore, 654 F. Supp. at 41 n.2}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Morphew, 2011 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 141518, 2011 WL 6122638 at *2}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 ; }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Soliday, 1993 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 21311, 1993 WL 1377511 at *5 n.4}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}{\f1\fs24\super 1}{\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=D. Kan. R. 56.1(d\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://BB87BA8D-8895-484E-A3CF-5AF270BA80C5"}{\fldrslt\f5\fs18\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 )}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Here, B&B Airparts filed the certification when the plaintiffs raised the issue. Because the certification was filed, the district court did not err in considering the deposition testimony.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Mr. Christmon also argues that the district court erred in granting summary judgment because B&B Airparts had failed to support its motion with interrogatory responses. But }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Rule 56}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  did not require B&B Airparts to support its motion with interrogatory responses. Thus, Mr. Christmon's argument fails.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 III. Reasonable Accommodation}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Mr. Christmon argues that the district court erred in holding that B&B Airparts had provided a reasonable accommodation. We disagree. The undisputed evidence shows that B&B Airparts allowed Mr. Christmon to skip mandatory Saturday shifts after he had explained his religious concern.}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**5]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  This relief from Saturday shifts constituted a reasonable accommodation, and the district court did not err in granting summary judgment to B&B Airparts.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Mr. Christmon bears the initial burden to show a prima facie case of religious discrimination for failure to accommodate. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Thomas v. Nat'l Ass'n of Letter Carriers, 225 F.3d 1149, 1155 (10th Cir. 2000)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Mr. Christmon must show that he}
\par\pard\plain \li400\ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  has a "bona fide religious belief that conflicts with an employment requirement,"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  informed B&B Airparts of this belief, and}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  "was fired for failure to comply with the conflicting employment requirement."}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 Id.}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  If Mr. Christmon satisfies his burden, the burden would shift to B&B Airparts, which would need to}
\par\pard\plain \li400\ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  conclusively rebut an element of Mr. Christmon's prima facie case,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  show the offering of a reasonable accommodation, or}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  show an inability to reasonably accommodate Mr. Christmon's religious beliefs without undue hardship.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Id. at 1156}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . The district court assumed that Mr. Christmon had met his burden and decided as a matter of law that B&B Airparts' accommodation had been reasonable. We agree.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*514]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  "'Accommodate . . . means . . . allowing the plaintiff to engage in [his] religious practice despite the employer's normal rules to the contrary.'" }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Tabura v. Kellogg USA, 880 F.3d 544, 550 (10th Cir. 2018)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (quoting }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 EEOC v. Abercrombie & Fitch Stores, Inc., 135 S. Ct. 2028, 2032 n.2, 192 L. Ed. 2d 35 (2015)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  (omissions in original)). But a reasonable}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**6]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  accommodation does not necessarily spare an employee from any resulting cost. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Pinsker v. Joint Dist. No. 28J, 735 F.2d 388, 390-91 (10th Cir. 1984)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 . Thus, the accommodation may be reasonable even though it is not the one that the employee prefers. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Id. at 390}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 The undisputed evidence shows that}
\par\pard\plain \li400\ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  B&B Airparts required its employees to work overtime shifts on Saturdays when scheduled,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  before informing his supervisor of his need for religious accommodation, Mr. Christmon had been disciplined for failing to appear for a Saturday shift, and}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  once Mr. Christmon had told his supervisor about the conflict between his religious beliefs and the Saturday shifts, B&B Airparts allowed Mr. Christmon to skip Saturday shifts with no disciplinary consequences.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f5\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 See}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  R. at 141 (deposition testimony of Mr. Christmon stating that B&B Airparts "basically just allowed me to not come in on my scheduled Saturdays").}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Though Mr. Christmon requested an opportunity to make up his overtime hours on Sunday, Title VII did not require B&B Airparts to offer Mr. Christmon's preferred accommodation. B&B Airparts' accommodation allowed Mr. Christmon to avoid the conflict with his religious beliefs even if he lost the opportunity for overtime. }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\cf1 See }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Ansonia Bd. of Educ. v. Philbrook, 479 U.S. 60, 70, 107 S. Ct. 367, 93 L. Ed. 2d 305 (1986)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  ("[U]npaid leave eliminates the}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**7]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  conflict between employment requirements and religious practices by allowing the individual to observe fully religious holy days and requires him only to give up compensation for a day that he did not in fact work."); }{\f5\fs28\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4\cb2\highlight2 Pinsker v. Joint Dist. No. 28J, 735 F.2d 388, 391 (10th Cir. 1984)}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  ("Defendant's policy, although it may require teachers to take occasional unpaid leave, is not an unreasonable accommodation of teachers' religious practices.").}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://00F50F6C-B9D7-4052-A81A-6DD7B346CCDC"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\super 2}}{\f1\fs24\super  }{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Thus, the district court did not err in deciding that B&B Airparts had provided Mr. Christmon with a reasonable accommodation.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb240\sl260\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 IV. Conclusion}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 We conclude that}
\par\pard\plain \li400\ri-1600\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  the district court did not err in considering Mr. Christmon's deposition testimony even though B&B Airparts' motion had not initially included the certification,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  B&B Airparts was not required to support its summary-judgment motion with interrogatory responses, and}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 \bullet  the undisputed evidence shows that B&B Airparts provided a reasonable accommodation.}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\sb200\sl260\slmult0\qj\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[*515]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  Accordingly, we affirm the district}{\f3\fs28\b1\i0\cf1 \~[**8]\~}{\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1  court's grant of summary judgment to B&B Airparts.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Entered for the Court}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Robert E. Bacharach}
\par\plain {\f1\fs28\b0\i0\cf1 Circuit Judge}
\par\pard\plain \ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li200\ri-1600\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f3\fs16\b1\cf5 End of Document}
\par\plain \f0\fs24}