{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1675\tx2160\li2160\fi-500\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 1.	}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Although the restricting of when Barat could pray was likely  reasonable, the offering of the boiler room as the only location to pray is more likely than not unreasonable.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 A reasonable accommodation must enable the employee to fulfill their religious obligations without requiring a total resolution of the conflict or the employee's preferred method. Tabura v. Kellogg USA, 880 F.3d 544, 550 (10th Cir. 2018). Courts define reasonableness as an offer that, at minimum, allows the employee a viable opportunity to reconcile work and religious duties through their own efforts. Ansonia Bd. of Educ. v. Philbrook, 479 U.S. 60, 68-70 (1986). This is an }{\f1\fs28\b0\i1 ad hoc}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  determination. the facts at hand set the boundaries for determining if the proposed accommodation leaves the conflict unresolved. By providing accommodation that cannot eliminate the conflict with the best efforts of the employee, it fails this standard, but minimal adjustments suffice if no the capability to resolve the conflict is determined. Christmon v. B&B Airparts, Inc., 735 F. App'x 510, 514 (10th Cir. 2018).<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 The underlying authority for this jurisdiction is the Supreme Court case, }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Ansonia Board of Education v. Philbrook}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , 479 U.S. 60 (1986), which held that a reasonable accommodation is only required to create the oppurtunity to resolve the conflict through the efforts of the employee. It does not require the employer  to completely ensure a total elimination of the conflict. The Court expressly approved an employer policy that merely allowed for unpaid leave to used to avoid work on holy days, finding it reasonable because it gave the employee a viable path to observe his religion through his own reasonable efforts and cost. Ansonia, 479 U.S. at 70-71. The tenth circuit uses this same logic to build it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s controlling case with }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Tabura v. Kellogg USA}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , 880 F.3d 544 (10th Cir. 2018). The Tenth Circuit reversed summary judgment for the employer because a jury could find shift trading did not resolve the issue do to a low pool of authorized personnel. Id at 548. The court also comes close to covering a similar fact pattern as the facts at hand in Christmon v. B&B Airparts, Inc., 735 F. App\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92x 510 (10th Cir. 2018), the court granted summary judgment to the employer because its offer of flexible scheduling and break adjustments gave the Sabbath-observant plaintiff a meaningful opportunity to accommodate himself, even though he still occasionally had to work Fridays. The court emphasized that Title VII does not entitle an employee to the accommodation of his choice }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Id}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  at 514.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Applied to the facts at hand Capital Boost\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Offer would likely be found reasonable as to restricting Prayers to non-meeting hours and using break time to do so, but the restrictions to the location present issues for arriving at such a finding. Allowance and Time are not issues. With best efforts, Barat is likely able to eliminate the conflict though efficient planning. similar to the fact pattern in }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Christmon}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , or }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Ansonia}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 . Conversely, The boiler room restriction presents two issues. First while shifting the burden to Barat for cleaning the boiler room is likely reasonable for the same logic as the time restrictions, Barat could argue that the boiler room has features that conflict with his religious duties that are not resolvable The steam and heat are inherent to the rooms primary function and are may not be resolvable. Additionally, the period between giving notice to Barat and  firing him is very short. This may open up an argument that without a grace period, this solution would cause a conflict with Barat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s religious duties with not feasible reprieve achievable through Barat\u8217\'92s best efforts. As such, while Capital Boost likely can present the restrictions on when Barat was allowed to pray as reasonable, the reasonableness of restricting where Barat may is suspect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b0\i0}