{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green250\blue145;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs28\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1675\tx2160\li2160\fi-500\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0 <$Scr_Ps::0>2.\tab }{\f0\fs28\b0\ul\ulc0 Barat More Likely Than Not Failed to Engage in the Accommodation Process After Rejecting the Boiler Room Without Continuing to Propose any Alternate Solutions or Compromises<!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Once a employer is given notice of a need for religious accommodation and provides an offer, there is joint burden between parties to participate in an interactive, bilateral process to identify a reasonable accommodation. Toledo v. Nobel-Sysco, Inc., 892 F.2d 1481, 1488-89 (10th Cir. 1989). Once the employer offers a facially reasonable accommodation, the employee cannot simply reject it; he must make a good-faith effort to explore whether the proposal (or minor adjustments to it) could resolve the conflict or must suggest viable alternatives. Thomas v. Nat'l Ass'n of Letter Carriers, 225 F.3d 1149, 1155-56 (10th Cir. 2000); EEOC v. Abercrombie & Fitch Stores, Inc.[case] (10th Cir. 2013) (refusal to participate in dialogue or accept original solutions bars claim). An employee's outright refusal to cooperate or compromise breaks the interactive process and relieves the employer of further obligation. }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Toledo}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , at 1489-90.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 In the controlling case of }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Toledo v. Nobel-Sysco, Inc.}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0 , 892 F.2d 1481 (10th Cir. 1989), the court stressed that the employee must \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93make a good faith attempt to explore possibilities\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs28\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 and/or}{\f0\fs28\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93provide some counter proposal or seek further clarification\u8221\'94 rather than reject it without continued dialogue. Id. at 1489\endash 90. The court expressly warned that an employee who \u8220\'93refuses to participate in the interactive process\u8221\'94 breaks that process and cannot prevail on a failure-to-accommodate claim. Id. at 1493. The Tenth Circuit reaffirmed this principle in Thomas v. National Association of Letter Carriers, 225 F.3d 1149, 1156 (10th Cir. 2000), holding that when an employee refuses to cooperate in exploring the employer's offered accommodations, he \u8220\'93breaks the interactive process\u8221\'94 and his claim fails as a matter of law. Likewise, in Abercrombie & Fitch decision, the Tenth Circuit stated plainly that \u8220\'93the employee bears responsibility for the breakdown of the interactive process when he rejects a reasonable accommodation without proposing alternatives.\u8221\'94 EEOC v. Abercrombie & Fitch Stores, Inc., [Case] (10th Cir. 2013),<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 Barat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conduct after notice of the accommodation aligns extremely well to the outright refusal that the Tenth Circuit has repeatedly held fatal to a Title VII claim. Between Barat receiving notice and his termination, he would have worked between five and six days. No evidence is provided that Barat provided or requested alternate solutions. This would be a textbook, unilateral refusal to cooperate with the employer to arrive at a reasonable accommodation. This }{constitutes the precise breakdown of the interactive process that the Tenth Circuit has unanimously held fatal to a failure-to-accommodate claim. Toledo, 892 F.2d at 1493; Thomas, 225 F.3d at 1156; Abercrombie, 731 F.3d at 1143. Accordingly, Capital Boost has a very strong defense on the ground that Barat failed to meet the responsibility to cooperate,  terminating the accommodation process.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1> <!$Scr_Ps::1>}}